truthful ||| negative ||| I'm a frequent business traveler and often in Chicago on trips. At times, it's very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown Chicago, and this was one of those times. I recently had to pay almost $400 for one night at the Allegro. It was absolutely not worth it. The hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers, so check-in and check-out were very slow. There were very few elevators, which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests. The morning I checked out, our elevator stopped at every single floor from the 16th floor down to the lobby, but the elevator was almost completely full when I got on at the 18th floor, so I can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs. The room was extremely small and cramped, even though it had obviously been renovated recently. The TV, bed, and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel. Still, the rate was way overpriced for such a small room. The best thing about the Allegro was the room service, which was prompt. The food was good, and the prices were very reasonable for room service. From now on, if my regular hotels are booked, I'll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn't worth it.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago was an amazing experience! The staff were helpful and considerate, always there to tend to my needs. My suite was extremely clean, and had all the amenities that I could ask for. I almost didn't want to leave my room, because it was so nice. But in the end I did, because the hotel is situated in such a great area, that I had to go out and see some of the sites. This hotel has wonderful rooms and service, and is in a really great area. I suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| I enjoyed my stay at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful from the time I checked in all the way through checkout. The hotel was very clean and well maintained. The beds were very comfortable! The hotel restaurant/lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day. The only thing I was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel. I reccomend this hotel and I will stay there again on my next trip to Chicago!
fake ||| negative ||| When most people think Hilton, they think luxury. I know I did. I only wish I'd been half right. Upon arriving, I was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely. Not a very auspicious start, but they did find me another room. Granted, the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building. But, fine. I was willing to let this slide. I didn't want to be difficult. In the following days of my stay, it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the Hilton very undeserving of the term, luxury hotel. Noisy neighbors. Rude staff. If the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout, I doubt my sheets were changed even once. Next time I'll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper. The service couldn't possibly be worse.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it. Very attractive, classy and comfortable hotel that's got an element of sexy and sharp. Public spaces are very nice, with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas. Rooms are lovely as well, with handsome fixtures and furniture, a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed. Bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well. Best of all, the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake. If you're working in the area, it's the best choice for that part of town, and I prefer it to the nearby Hyatt and Monaco.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and me reserved a room online for the Chicago Hilton. We were looking for a quit few days away from home and work. Unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for. First of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos. The floors looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while in the check in area. The room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side. The staff was horrible. We had asked for a turn down service it was never received. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone. Chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the Hilton.
fake ||| positive ||| The Knickerbocker hotel was one of my favorite hotels to visit. My wife and I utilized the park & play package, which gave us an amazing room, complimentary valet service, and a great kit to plan our weekend around. It was well worth the price and we both wish to go back again. The rooms were top notch and the hotel's staff was excellent. One of the employees, Craig, helped us find our way around the city and this shows the Knickerbocker really cares about its guests. We loved our visit and are sure you will too. A+
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Affinia last weekend was ideal and I can't wait to return. I was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean, lovely room near the shopping downtown. Affinia fit the bill. The location was perfect, just one block from the magnificent mile. The decor was modern and sleek, and my room was impeccably clean. They even have a pillow menu! The price was pretty reasonable, too. I'll definitely be back.
fake ||| negative ||| I needed a place to stay for a business conference in Chicago. While higher priced, the reviews online plus four stars convinced me. Granted the hotel itself is beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. The pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architect) had amazing food, so that was a plus, but the service was awful. I had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water! My remote wouldn't work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud. The hotel must've been hosting a convention because I could hear music all through the night. The housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently. I called twice for more fresh towels. If I wanted this type of experience, I'd have stayed at a lower-end hotel. Same experience, less money!
fake ||| positive ||| I recently stayed at the Amalfi Chicago with my wife on a business trip. We decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded. We enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city. The individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service. The Amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more. Our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site. The hotel's design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses. Lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable. Breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt. Being of European descent, I enjoyed the croissants, whole grain muffins, real butter and marmalade. We also brought along our Standard Poodle, Sterling, and the Amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family. We purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed Sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings. Sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling "at home" while away. For pet lovers this is a big plus. Finally, transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal. This allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this, another appreciated bonus of our stay. Thank you Amalfi for a superb experience.
truthful ||| positive ||| Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel. Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago. Mission was accomplished. If you would like a quiet, comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it. While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age, it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling. Found staff to be friendly and helpful. We will be return guests many times in the future for sure.
truthful ||| positive ||| Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her.
truthful ||| negative ||| My sister and I stayed on the 22nd floor, there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights, beat up and old dorm style. It was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on Tripadvisor did the thing get removed. Breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely. All night there are chimes that make noise, that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying. There is no wifi - no matter what they tell you, I paid for the wifi, and still we were unable to get on. Lastly, my sister and I split the bill, I had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit. Room cost with city taxes etc. was 313.69 a night. I know the Comfort Inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper! So while the View was wonderful, it is NOT worth the money.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I were sorely disappointed in this hotel. We had requested a non smoking room, and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door. The front desk was not responsive to our needs at all, but we did finally get moved to a new room. The water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy. I was very disappointed in the workout room, it was very small so I decided to swim laps instead, but when I got to the pool it didn't look like it had been maintained all week. Needless to say we won't make the mistake of staying with Homewood Suites again.
fake ||| negative ||| The Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences. If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia, do not expect any measure of customer service and don't expect great accommodations, even at their high prices. When we arrived our reservation was lost, then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available. The furnishings in the room were cheaply made, the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel's L shaped corridor. I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time. Two hours later someone came. The dining hall and reception areas were really nice, but again, unless you're a large group don't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia. Even if you could, the prices wouldn't be worth it.
fake ||| positive ||| My family's seven day stay at the InterContinental Chicago hotel was more than I could ever imagine. The InterContinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel I have visited, because of its wonderful amenities, such as the excellent 24 hour room service, access to personal trainers,and even a dry cleaning service, just to mention a few. My family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary American cuisine at the hotels Zest Restaurant, which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price. My most favorite point about the InterContinental Chicago is that it provides entry right into the Windy City, where my family and I had immediate access to transportation, shopping, and city attractions. We had a great time traveling through Chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice, clean, elegant, safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day. The InterContinental is a must stay and I will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| Just got back from 2 days up in Chicago shopping with girlfriends. First time I have stayed at the Omni. I did so because I saw a $129.00 rate that included $25.00 of free food on Travelzoo. The three of us (55 year olds) all stayed in one suite with 2 double beds and a VERY comfortable pull out sofa. We had plenty of room. Food in the restaurant was great, service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with, early morning delivery of free coffee, juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat, time of movies, shopping areas, etc was really helpful. Need I mention the outstanding location? Simply the best! We all decided that the Omni is our new favorite hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy, but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel. The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price.
truthful ||| negative ||| I booked this hotel for a business trip since I was able to get a $129 rate on Travelzoo and figured I'd save my company some money. I had also read excellent reviews on TripAdvisor. I had a guaranteed and confirmed room reservation for two nights in November. When I arrived in Chicago at 7:30pm I decided to go to dinner prior to checking in so called the hotel to request a late check in and was told "no problem." When I arrived at the hotel at 11:45pm I was told they didn't have a room for me and that I'd have to move to the Four Points Sheraton which they paid for. It was a major inconvenience to have to move and completely unacceptable that my confirmed room was given away. I was told that they overbooked and didn't get as many cancellations as they expected. I did check into the hotel the next day and once there did have a good experience. I would recommend staying here but do ensure that your reservation is indeed confirmed and avoid any late check-ins or you might not have a room! The "experience designers" were great and very helpful. The rooms were very nice and comfortable (felt like home). The breakfast could stand to add on some bagels for the "healthy factor." It was nice that they did have fruit. I think that once the kinks are worked out that this will be a great hotel--they just need to get the basics down!
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience. I feel that it didn't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best. I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy's work resembled that of an amateur. My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend.
truthful ||| positive ||| I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in Chicago. Ideal position, lovely quiet rooms, good facilities, complimentary breakfast well received and the Manager's evening drinks reception excellent; we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks. The in-house Amalfitini cocktail was very good. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I ever return to Chicago I would certainly stay there again. Theres nothing bad I can say about this hotel.
fake ||| positive ||| Located right in the heart of downtown Chicago i visited this hotel on a business trip. The first things i noticed was how friendly the staff is, and how clean the rooms are (even compared to other luxury hotels) seeing as i had a night layover before my meeting i decided to stop by the Terrace and get a drink, i got a mojito and i must say i was very impressed, i've had my share of mojitos and it was one of the better ones, once i retired back to my room i found the sound system to be excellent, bed was soft and the TV didn't appear burned out at all. Overall i give this a five out of five, the staff was helpful and friendly the whole time and the atmosphere was perfect, i wish i could have stayed longer.
fake ||| positive ||| If you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience, the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay. The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding, a 42 inch flat screen television, a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub, and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away. The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars, high speed internet, a fitness facility and laundry services. This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| Arrived on 06/04/05, greeted by friendly doorman, and zipped up to the 5th Floor Lobby. Very open lobby area with friendly reception staff. Room was on the 12th Floor and very nice. Everything was in order and very clean! The king size bed was nice and each night I had a restful sleep. Bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall. The room was furnished with everything I needed including internet hook-up access. Also, you can walk thru on the 5th Fl to the Westfield North Bridge Shopping Mall, where you will enjoy Nordstrom and other stores. Of course, you're steps from Michigan Ave. too. The central location of the hotel was great, as I could walk to most places. The CTA Subway stop (Grand Ave. on Red Line) was an easy 2 block walk. I will stay here again on my next trip to Chicago!
truthful ||| positive ||| We got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in Chicago on 7/24/09. We went thru Priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only $69 (normal rate was around $200). The room was superb on the 29th floor with a nice king bed. Hotel is only about 1.5 blocks to Michigan Ave so the location is very convenient. Parking is very expensive at $50 a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just $30. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere. We ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict. They were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn't expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast. Glad we didn't pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better. I highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your Chicago visit.
truthful ||| positive ||| Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect. The location was perfect. The hotel was beautiful. Our view was awesome. The room was large enough and very clean. The bed was very comfy. The staff were helpful - especially the concierge, Jared. I couldn't find anything negative to say. If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you can't go wrong with this cool hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago. We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name. In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel. On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient. The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built. The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable. The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby. The first night we ate at the hotel's own gourmet restaurant (The Lockwood) which did not disappoint. The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant. We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered. Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful. A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving. A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive. Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money.
fake ||| negative ||| Whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas. Most notably is cleanliness, as although the lobby was very clean, the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not. Dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways, and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time. The furnishings were nice and modern, but with various blemishes upon close inspection. Bathroom was relatively clean, with the exception of the shower. View was nice for this particular room, and service was relatively quick. The food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue. This time with the glasses which were stained, the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel. I will not make the mistake of staying here again.
truthful ||| negative ||| The heating in our room didn't work and wasn't repaired depite numerous requests, the rooms were very small, the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay, the cleaner made the bed but nothing else, when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the 5 night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent, it took the hotel 2 months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-Atlantic phone calls to them.
fake ||| positive ||| Fantastic stay! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference. Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm. Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door. They are the best I've ever had. EVER! If youre in the mood to unwind, you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around. I had a great time here. From now on, I won't stay anyplace else.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed in the Amalfi in July 2010, 4th of July weekend. I was very apprehensive about leaving my Diesel Ford Excursion with the valet at Amalfi. It has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly. I explained the procedure to the valet drivers, and felt like it was a complete waste of time. When the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as I had instructed. When I tried to start it, it wasn't happy, but did finally start. I was so relieved to get it back I just wanted to leave. Driving away I noticed that the top speed recorded on the GPS was 105mph!!! (previous top speed was 95mph, done a few days earlier driving across South Dakota). I could just picture the flying Ferrari scene in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I couldn't imagine where in the crowded Chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast, though it wouldn't take long to make that happen (see reference to modified engine above). A little while later we stopped for lunch and I noticed a dent in the front bumper. I contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people. No remedy. Lesson learned. Brett
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend's wedding. The price was about 50% to 65% of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area. First the minuses. 1.) The standard rooms are small. if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade. 2.) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted. 3.) There really are no views from the hotel. Now the plusses. 1.) The shower is AWESOME. Probably one of the best hotel showers I've seen. Rain shower with wand, great pressure and the enclosure didn't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do. Very nice. 2.) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch. Very modern and clean. 3.) The bed was great. Better than some hotels that promote their beds. Great nights sleep. Overall. This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room. If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work. Anyone else should really like the experience. All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day. If you are the same this is a good spot for you.
fake ||| negative ||| I was not pleased with my recent stay at the Palmer House Hilton. My room was not ready upon my arrival and the room I was given was not what I had requested. I had requested a room with 2 queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that. The air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off. The room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up. I wondered what had happened in the room before I got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener. There was no doorman available or a cart so I had to lug my 3 suitcases by myself by dragging 2 of them about 20 feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items. Luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance. My room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff. They promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after 3 calls to the front desk I finally gave up. I had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that I spent to stay there.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary, and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation, I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier, to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James, this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff, the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed!
truthful ||| negative ||| I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked. While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it's decor (less traditional and more funky interior) it is not nearly as nice. The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice. The rooms are also smaller. The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though, is the bathroom. It has an old tiled floor, with an old sink, and old toilet. It reminds me of something you would find in a men's locker room. Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror, it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance. Also, the layout of the bathroom is terrible. The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet. Also, the room is not very clean as well. The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers. I would recommend staying at the Monaco, Hard Rock, or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Chicago Fairmont for four nights for a conference. My fiance' accompanied me. When we checked in, we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed. So instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined, we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like Ward and June Cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house! We discovered that the coffee maker wasn't working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it, and waited two and half hours. We had issues with the plumbing, including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took 45 minutes to fill. The toilet stopped working twice. We returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room, sitting on the bed, watching the tv and talking on her cell phone. They bellman were rude, and wouldn't let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment. There were errors on our bill. Last but not least, we saw a ROACH in the drawers. Alive. The restaurant downstairs was decent, and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the Hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better. I will never ever stay here again under any circumstances.
fake ||| negative ||| I want everyone to know about the awful experience I had at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. When we arrived at the hotel, the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system (I had called earlier in the day and confirmed it). After speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked. We later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically. I believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money. I for one won't be going back to this hotel!
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention. No complaints. Room was great with a beautiful view. Staff was very accommodating. Had drinks and appetizers in main bar. Fantastic! Great location. Yes it's a huge hotel as it's used for conventions but that didn't stop it from being a great place.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel was wonderful. My room was clean and the staff was courteous. The food provided by the restaurant was exceptional. This was on of the best hotel stays, ive experienced. I highly suggest this hotel to others.
truthful ||| negative ||| We travel to Chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown. We were excited to try the Swissotel, but left disappointed. The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude. The man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call. He then did not say more than five words, which were "I need a credit card". The lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy. The hotel information said it closed at 2am so we came back to hotel at 1230am for a "night cap", that was last call. That was fine for us, but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a "night cap" but did not make last call. Our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees. There are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer, no need to stay at the Swissotel again. Definitely don't stay if you're looking for a romantic weekend away, the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door.
truthful ||| negative ||| I am writing in regards to our stay April 22-24. We were celebrating our honeymoon and were disappointed with our stay. There was construction going on in the hotel and we were not notified of it prior to our stay. My husband had ordered champagne and strawberries for the room to be in there prior to our arrival...it wasn't. When he called to place the order again, it never showed up. We were so disappointed and surprised by the lack of service that we decided to forgo ordering them for a 3rd time. Our room was very small, drab and lacked the romantic setting we were looking for. We had called to request a room with a large tub, similar to the ones in the photos, prior to our arrival, noting that we didn't mind an upgrade cost. Instead, the tub was incredibly small. We have stayed at the Intercontinental in other cities before and had such high expectations for the Chicago location, especially considering we were celebrating such a happy, once-in-a-lifetime occasion. The service and amenities just didn't match up.
fake ||| positive ||| I had a wonderful time at the James Hotel while on business in Chicago. The rooms are modern, tasteful and well-kept, while the staff was responsive and efficient. This was the perfect place to unwind after working all day, but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work.
fake ||| negative ||| Whenever I decided to stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park, the only thing that I had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband. However, the hotel choice wasn't the best. Right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation. The room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room, which was much smaller than the original one. The hotel did give us a discount, but if I'd paid for the large room was because I wanted the it. A hotel with this name shouldn't put its guests in these kind of situation. I wont be reserving room there again.
truthful ||| positive ||| My daughter and I were in Chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in Illinois. We were only in Chicago on our way home. We didn't know where to stay in Chicago, but booked one night at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based on their ad in the Chicago Visitors Guide. We're glad we did! We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city. That's what we wanted--a great view, and we got it. Also, the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop (we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn't bad--saved us a lot of money). The elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available. We found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. The only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in Chicago. We wish we could have stayed there at the Sheraton for at least another night. We would definitely stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back. The customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either. When we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key. When we got into the room the bed was not even properly made. The cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food. We ended up going home two days before we planned.
fake ||| positive ||| The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was by far one of the best experiences I've had. It definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment. I had forgotten my favorite CD that puts me to sleep each night. When mentioning this in front of the Front desk clerk, she told me that they have a huge collection of CD's available for guests. Low and behold, they had my favorite CD!! Also, my laptop was not cooperating. Come to find out, they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center! From now on, when visiting Chicago, I will ONLY be staying at the Amalfi Hotel!
fake ||| negative ||| The service was only subpar and then rooms needed better cleaning. I was at the check in counter longer than expected because they decided to use a trainee to check me in, definitely no fun after such a long flight. There were no clean towels in the room and my bill was returned with room service charges of which I did not order.
fake ||| positive ||| O.M.G best hotel ever ! i've stayed at various hotels in the area and the service has been really suckish. evan at one hotel i stayed at they had a molded sandwhich under the bed , how gross and i could of really got sick ! but this hotel was the perfect location right by the beach and by all the clubs . ohh . and the pump room , the best food i've evr had at a hotel . i evan got to take a picture with Queen Anne ! i will never regret coming to this hotel! i loved this hotel so much me and my bridemaid's stayed here . and it's just walking distance from all the popular food places and clubs . ( all the places to be at least )
fake ||| negative ||| My stay at the Hyatt Regency was an experience that I'll never ever forget - not in a good way. Check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant. I went up to my room and looked around, all seemed ok at first. I was bushed so I flopped on the bed... ohhhhh noooooo! The bed was as hard as a military bunk from my Army days. But I was so tired that I just passed out. Of course I woke up with a back ache...great. I figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so I plugged the tub, turned the hot water on full force, and poured in some shower gel. I put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm. I called the front desk but they were no help, the clerk just apologized. Frustrated at this point, I turned on the tv and switched on the air. I put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and I saw something slimy inside of the vent. It looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something. I couldn't take anymore of this. I went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk. It seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized, no empathy as if he's used to hearing about the goop in the ac. He offered me a free night but there is no way that I'd stay at this place again - ever.
truthful ||| negative ||| Negative points: 1. I guess they gave me the worst room. It's small room with a king size bed even though I'd requested a room with two queen beds. 2. No roll away bed was available so I had to sleep on the floor. 3. The tub in the bathroom would not drain. 4. No exhaust fan in the bathroom. 5. broken furniture. Plus point: 1. Convenient location.
truthful ||| positive ||| Very pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports.
truthful ||| positive ||| This was our second time staying here. We were very much looking forward to our weekend at the Amalfi (based on how well the first stay was). It turned out better than our anticipation. The beds are very comfortable. 2 headed showers with a large bathroom. The hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out. Our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout. Then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit, pastries, juice and coffee on our floor (breakfast is on every floor). No great view from our room, but I don't think there are great views from most any room since it is only 5 floors. We didn't need to drive, take a cab or jump on the L the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located. We easily walked to bars, blues clubs, restaurants, the hancock tower, the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel. The highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour. Free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats, cheeses, peppers, and breads. This ran from 5:30 to 7:00, and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner. This alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening. And an extra money-saving tip...park at the self-park lot 2 blocks west of the hotel on Kinzie. Its $24 per night during the week and only $6 per night on the weekends. I think the hotel charges $30 to $40 per night to park.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, and what a fantastic experience it was. We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites' and let me tell you it was beautiful. The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for. The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some. I especially loved the spa. We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer. It was very comfortable and welcoming. We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago. Thanks so much!
fake ||| negative ||| The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice, but it certainly does not "exceed expectations" as touted on their website. Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler. "Chic but not fussy" is an overstatement. The room was clean, although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn't been cleaned since the last guest. There was hand lotion and shampoo samples, but no soap sample. The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed. "Cheap" might have been a better adjective. Check out was simple and not much hassle. Overall, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch, but next time, I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room.
truthful ||| negative ||| First let me say, the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I'd hoped. There are some other problems; the furnishings are quite rundown, and housekeeping wasn't very helpful. We booked a suite and the sofa bed, chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use. I've attached pictures, so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows. Comfortable it was not! The chair bottom is all broken down too. I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture, and a slight adjustment was made in our rate. As to housekeeping, we had ordered an in-room coffee service (which Kimpton's web site says is there, but you have to specifically request) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee. We had to call the front desk every day. And, housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl. I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded. These things may not matter to you, but if you plan to spend a week, like we did, you might want to be comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were superior; just the living room was bad.
truthful ||| positive ||| I just left the Conrad Chicago and have nothing but good things to say. We used Hilton points to stay there but paid $35/night to upgrade to a junior suite. We were in room 1519. I would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on Michigan Ave. Our room was very modern with 2 large HD/flat panel tv and Bose 3 speaker sound system. 4 big windows that actually open. The bed lineds were very nice, the towels were OK. The room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub. Marble everywhere. Robes, slippers, etc. The work out room was good with different machines and some free weights. There are clean towels in the workout room too. We never ate in the hotel so I can't comment on the food or the prices. There is a Starbucks across the street (Michigan) and an Espresso bar attached to the Nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel. It was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel. The location of the hotel could not be better. We were walking distance to everything. Every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within 2 miles. Over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel. I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel. Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered. I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel. From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty. This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars. You can be sure, I will absolutely be back in the future.
fake ||| positive ||| The entrance and room was spacious and modern, yet elegant. It was very easy to get around to many places because it is in the middle of all the action of Chicago. The drinks were very exotic and tickled the taste buds. Indeed, it is one of the best vacation or weekend getaway spots.
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits.
fake ||| negative ||| This hotel is ok but is not the best for the money. First of all the parking prices are exorbitant. I know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high. Also, the service at this hotel was poor. I felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general, and the staff at The Palmer House seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us. In addition I feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet. Also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you. I would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about The Palmer House.
truthful ||| positive ||| The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked "pantry and refrigerator" to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need, the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before, the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night, we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit.
fake ||| negative ||| For our anniversary this year, my wife and I stayed at the Conrad. We're from the suburbs, so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us. It's expensive, so we expect the best for our money. This was most definitely not the best for our money. It wasn't even a good deal either. The problems began right off the bat. When we got to our room, we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room. It was like walking into a dusty attic. When I sat down to watch TV, it turns out it wasn't even connected to cable or anything. I kept changing the channel, but it was nothing but static and white noise. I even looked for another remote. After we left our things, we went out for a night in Chicago, but coming back, the smell seemed to have gotten worse. I finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms. They moved us to a different room, but they had no explanation for the smell. For a single stay, that was more trouble than it was worth.
truthful ||| negative ||| This place had character I'll give it that. But it wasn't really my style. Arrived late in the evening. The first room they gave me the TV didn't work. Maintenance took a look at it, and couldn't figure it out. Told me I'd have to wait until the morning for the electrician. He then passed some gas and left. Real professional. I phoned the front desk on account of the tv, and was able to get another room The second room was much like the first. Horrible striped wall paper, dingy, and old worn carpet. Bathroom was incredibly small. Hard to use the toliet without banging into the door, or the sink. Very cramped. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Room temp hard to regulate and the AC somewhat noisy. Location seem very convenient. I was there for a training session about 8 blocks away. But all of the theatres seemed to be near by, if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two. And don't make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card. It was about $2/minute. I knew it would be expensive but wasn't expecting that type of rate.
fake ||| negative ||| I was disappointed in my stay at The James. I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs. Each time I sat down for a meal, I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter. Most times, I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included. My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations, I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine. I was assured that this was no problem. However, when we arrived at the hotel, we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed. We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned. Overall, it was not an entirely horrific stay, but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber. Next time I visit Chicago, I will be staying at another hotel.
fake ||| positive ||| My experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing. I had a wonderful stay there will my husband. My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go, and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there. They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room. We were so relieved and the room was beautiful. The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil. It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had. On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business, so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient. We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service. I will definitely stay there again. It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room.
fake ||| positive ||| While making the obligatory trip to the Chicago area to visit family, we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. What a great decision! The rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities. And, according the younger members of the family, "very cool"! We can't wait to come back.
fake ||| positive ||| We recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business. What an incredible experience! Friends had stayed there years ago, but when we showed them our photos, they couldn't believe the amazing renovations. While we loved the modern decor and style, our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms. I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling, so I wasn't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room. I have to say I felt great during our entire stay. We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno. What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel. This hotel is truly beautiful, everything you would expect from a high-end, big city hotel. Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park didn't disappoint us in any respect. Our only disappointment? We don't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon, but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel was chosen by my husband's company as the family came along for the business trip. The location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the 34th floor. My first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean. The lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance, but was otherwise ok. Lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long. Seemed like only 2 elevators were working out of the 6 that were there. I had read from another reviewer to join the Fairmont President's club and wi-fi in the room would be free. We signed up for the club, but were puzzled as to why they don't just offer everyone free wi-fi. Parking fees were exorbitant at $58/night, but thankfully the company was paying for this. We were able to walk to Millennium Park and Navy Pier from our hotel. The hotel is NOT kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities. There is no swimming pool, but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the Swissotel next door (there is an underground tunnel that connects the Fairmont there). We loved the Swissotel's pool on the 42nd floor. Fantastic views from the pool! Although the beds were comfortable, my daughter and I were both victims of bed bugs during our stay. Unfortunately we didn't know until the next day after we returned home. Apparently bed bug bites can take up to 7 days to appear. My daughter and I both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips. The bites made you want to claw your skin off! My husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all. Beware of room 3405 -- bed nearest the bathroom!!! I will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on....
fake ||| negative ||| I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Conrad Chicago Hotel, located on North Rush Street. As part of the Hilton hotel chain, I was confident that I would have a positive experience. Unfortunately, from the time I walked in the door until the time I checked out, I was plagued with nothing but problems. When I walked into the hotel, I was not greeted by the concierge, which is usually a bad sign. (He was reading a newspaper.) Then, when I announced that I was holding a reservation, they desk clerk was unable to find it. I had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system, but they could not find the room I had reserved. Finally, they assigned me a room, but it was smaller than I had originally requested and it had a bad odor. I was very disappointed with the room and its decor. The room smelled of stale smoke, even though it was on a non-smoking floor. The bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom. I had to keep checking to make sure I was really at the Conrad Chicago. Surely, this was not the way the Hilton chain operates! There continued to be problem throughout my stay. I asked for a wake-up call and it was 15 minutes late, which had me scurrying around so I could make my business meeting. I ordered breakfast to be brought to my room, and it never showed up -- at all! And the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm, so my shower was short and unsatisfying. I decided to check out of the Conrad Chicago a day earlier than originally planned because I was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues. Upon my return home, I wrote a letter to the hotel manager, but never received a reply. Because they refused to acknowledge that I had problems, I will not be staying at the Conrad Chicago again, and will avoid all Hilton Hotels in the future.
fake ||| positive ||| My wife and I's stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers proved to be the perfect complement to our time spent visiting and exploring the Windy City. Upon our arrival, we were immediately welcomed by the beautiful design of the first-floor lobby and the friendly demeanor of the desk and bell service staff. In seemingly no time at all we were in our clean and well-furnished room with a beautiful and peaceful view of Lake Michigan. In terms of accommodations, I have never personally stayed at a hotel that I could complement more. On our very first night, my wife took advantage of a message therapy session while I swam a few laps in the heated indoor swimming pool. We followed our time apart with a very relaxing time at the Chi bar, which had a very enlivening and laid-back atmosphere. Retiring to our rooms, I couldn't help but remark to my wife about the quality of our room and the bed in particular. I had a very comfortable night's sleep and woke up just on time thanks to a spot-on wake up call from the desk staff. After a quick bite to eat the LB Bistro, we headed out to sight-see. Overall, I can't recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers enough. As far as this customer is concerned, it is the only place to stay if you are in the Chicago area and are looking for accommodations with the best customer service, atmosphere, and amenities. I couldn't recommend it more.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay, Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap. I was so disappointed with this hotel, I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.
fake ||| negative ||| When I arrived at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in. This was not the Chicago I was hoping for.In addition to that, it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website. The paint was faded and chipped, there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of. After we waited for 15 minutes at the front desk, someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name. After a long trip, I'm sure you know how aggravating that was. Finally I got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation. Once we got to our room, it was very small, smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood. Also, as we were walking to the room in the hallway, a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place. To top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night. All we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask. It was a nightmare. Oh yeah, and the shower did have any hot water. We complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week. When we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small, but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas, no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again!
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel is absolutely amazing. I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return. However, here it's comfortable, friendly, and a vacation. In fact, all vacations start with your lodging, and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging? The beds are comfortable, clean, and upscale, while still being homey enough to be relaxed. The services and staff are tops, and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous! And I must commend the cleanliness! Nice place to stay, and worth every penny! Will definitely be coming back!
fake ||| negative ||| Advertised as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand. My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary. After looking at several hotels in the "Magnificent Mile" territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad. The Conrad's website impressed us immediately. The pictures of the rooms were lovely, they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions, not that we were planning to watch much tv. We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system, I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system. In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September. My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online, most impressed with the view. It cost a pretty penny, more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations, but her happiness was worth it. Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad. Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife's purse when unloading the luggage. We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it. At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system. I explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost. By the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay. That ended when we found out that our "view" was of a back alley service corridor. So much for the skyline. Overall, the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow. I hate to be picky but I was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up. The spa had very limited hours as well. Somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams, away from the hotel. It was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count. I would not recommend the Conrad Chicago. I would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in Chicago. I was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms, but wouldn't have cleaned out so much of my wallet.
truthful ||| positive ||| On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. I say stay with as that is how they make you feel, from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return. The rooms are clean, chic and roomy, the beds - the best I have slept in, bathrooms large and super clean. What can I say, my new home when in Chicago...
truthful ||| negative ||| My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout "American Girl" Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it's glowing reviews. We arrived late and maybe that's when they put out their second-stringers, but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion. I'll never understand this--they're in the hospitality business and they're inhospitable! (This is getting picky, but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance. The repeated "HM" initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability). When we got to our room we found the maid's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed (yuck!). I'm still trying to figure out that scenario. There were no ashes--so I've ruled out spontaneous combustion. Also, to the disappointment of my daughter, the much-advertised goldfish was MIA. The bellhop (who apologized for the shoes) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed "...is that OK?" he said. I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35C/ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy. On the up side, the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ("I'd like to live here!" she said). The bed is VERY comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now. The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper. Come on Kimpton! How much can a decent roll cost? The view towards the river is great (try to get one) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own "club house" watching the world go by from from high above the city. In short: very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer (wouldn't cost anything and would have made up for the maid's shoes!)
truthful ||| negative ||| In my experience the Ambassador hotel didn't seem to be a 3 1/2 star establishment. The building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated. The carpeting was very old and worn. The floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable. I would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel. Currently, it's indespirate need of renovation.
truthful ||| positive ||| Beautifully appointed, professionally staffed, comfortable, well-located, and elegant, with wireless internet access (plus free access in an alcove on the second floor), fitness center (a little small but fine if you use it at the right time), good energy clientele, easy access to Michigan Avenue, next door to 24-hour restaurant, 2 blocks from 2 Starbucks, elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything. Will definitely return!
truthful ||| positive ||| After reading so many great reviews I booked the Hotel Monaco and was not disappointed. I booked through their web site about 2 1/2 months prior to arrival for $170/night plus tax for a room with 2 queens. The location was perfect - right by the river near Michigan Ave. - minutes walk to the El, Millenium Park, the Theater District and Shopping. The room was clean, a little larger than standard and nicely decorated. We had window seats in the room with a view of the river. There was Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. To top it off, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area.
truthful ||| positive ||| Excellent location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling
truthful ||| positive ||| I found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome, just minutes away from all the shopping, Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview, so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us, they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all. And the place was pack! The room was superb! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment, and it was fantastic! The natural light you get in this room is awesome, and I am very sensitive to dark places. They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night. I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel. All the staff made me feel like I was family. They were available to me at any time, and so friendly ! I will definitely be back for another stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| I disliked the Sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the Grand Hyatt after the first night. We checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately. We were tired from our flight, but went downstairs to change rooms. The second suite smelled just as bad, but stayed anyway. I disliked the hotel lobby, the staff, the decorating, and especially the bed. HORRIBLE. Soft, flimsy mattress. We come to Chicago frequently. We have always stayed at the Grand Hyatt and never been disappointed. We just thought we'd try some place new. Never again. Back to the Hyatt or Four Season we go!
fake ||| negative ||| Our visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and, instead of helping, a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us. They had trouble locating our reservation. Our room was tiny! When I'm paying over $400 a night for a room, I expect to be able to walk around in it! The beds were also tiny. The walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door. This hotel was probably once beautiful and classy, but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs. Won't be staying here again.
fake ||| positive ||| Great hotel with beautiful scenery! The staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious. They even had a docking station for my iPod!
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I satayed for two nights at the Hilton Chicago,and enjoyed every minute of it! The bedrooms are immaculate,and the linnens are very soft. We also appreciated the free wifi,as we could stay in touch with friends while staying in Chicago. The bathroom was quite spacious,and I loved the smell of the shampoo they provided-not like most hotel shampoos. Their service was amazing,and we absolutely loved the beautiful indoor pool. I would recommend staying here to anyone.
truthful ||| positive ||| We became an Ambassador member just before spending Mother's day at the Chicago Intercontinental, and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room. Our Saturday night stay was the BEST $99 we ever spent (Mother's day special). The welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note; the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner (moderately priced) , and the great Sunday breakfast topped it all off. All in all, Mother's day in Chicago was Super. We loved it enough to be back for Labor Day weekend (another "package").
truthful ||| negative ||| To start with, this hotel had the worst customer service. They were impossible to work with on EVERYTHING! Now, the problems we had in chronological order. First, we arrive at 8 PM Sat. to check in. They did not have the room with 2 beds we had reserved available, so they offered us a room with one bed and a rollaway (free of charge). However, the room was not ready yet. Finally at 10.30! (2.5 hrs later) we were able to get our room keys. But, there was no rollaway. Another 30 mins and 3 phone calls later, we had a rollaway, but had to get the charge waived a second time. Now we go to check out on Mon. and they couldn't print us a bill or give us a total. We stop 3 hrs down the road to get gas only to find out that our bank card had been overdrawn $2,127.00! We called the bank and found out the hotel had ran our card through 3 TIMES, for $709 each, when our bill was supposed to be $450. After sitting at the gas station on the phone for 1.5hrs, the money was finally put back in our account so we could continue our trip home. I would recommend a Holiday Inn over the Intercontinental any day.
fake ||| negative ||| I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night. First of all, the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available, and they weren't particularly apologetic about it, either. Secondly, it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel, but as an ex-smoker, I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently. Additionally, the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels, which was really disappointing, because I was looking forward to using the pool. Finally, check-out was supposed to be at noon. At 11:15 am, the maid was knocking at the door. She asked if I would be out soon, and I thought was very quite intrusive. I will never, ever stay at that place again.
truthful ||| negative ||| I've used Priceline for every trip I've made back to Chicago and I've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown. This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East. Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El's red line. That is the best part of our experience. When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens. I've never had that issue at any other hotel I've stayed at. The room's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny. The hotel charges for usage of Internet. You could hear people in the hallway and when you're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms. We weren't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however, for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn't the place. ...read more
fake ||| positive ||| Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| I found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory. They lure you in with a fancy website, promising the world and more, but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade. The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match, but when I received my room (which by the way I could barely afford) I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6. They mention that they are "pet friendly". Let me tell you, that is code for "smelly". There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking. Would not stay again.
truthful ||| positive ||| A very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms. The decor was lovely. My daughter and I spent 5-nights here, saw Wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town. Was a bit disappointed with the bar/restaurant which opened and closed it's kitchen at will without regard to posted hours. The room description boasted of safe's large enough to accomodate a laptop, so I brought mine. I was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room (and not in mine). As a side note, I was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at 6pm in that area... even the 7-11.
truthful ||| negative ||| I'm sitting in the hotel as I right this review and am not impressed with the room. The hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you're staying in your grandmother's attic. Wallpaper is peeling off the wall, not well lit, very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones (none next to the bed or built into lamps), terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at 7am. Even the location is off the beaten path - closest L stop is on the Red Line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring. Health club is not on site either. There are hundreds of other hotels I would stay in over this one.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel is the best hotel ever in my opinion, and I really enjoy everything thing about it and I also have many different reasons why I like this hotel. From the entrance to every details on the inside all the way up to the rooms, everything seems to pocess some kind of style to it and not forgetting such a modern feel it has. I completely am astonished by this building and if I had to pick one to compare with this one I really would go for this one. It's like a person would have to see it to believe. It has a lot of modern designs. Thank you and this is my review and it's real.
truthful ||| negative ||| For a supposed 4-star hotel, I was not very impressed at akk. The lobby was nice and modern-looking, but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors (we didn't arrive that late at night). Additionally, when we walked into the hotel late one night, there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and, it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in. Where was the staff to clean up? That's not a very welcoming sight. The rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view, but the actual location was farther than I would have preferred from Michigan Avenue, andi it was also a little too far south. Area recommendations Rush Street was a lot of fun at night!
truthful ||| negative ||| Overview: --Overrated hotel in a premium location. The Great: --Location - walking distance or cheap cab ride to a ton of great restaurants, bars, and sights. The Good: --Inviting lobby, pleasant staff though a few were a bit snobby, in particular the night deskman. --Nice bathroom, comfortable bed and desk chair. The Mediocre: --Room (excluding bathroom) was underwhelming in design. --No kitchen or bar though they have limited room service from Harry Caray's across the street. --Free cocktails 5-7pm in "lounge" is right idea with wrong execution; tiny little room packed with people and a line extending out the door. --Hot water (or lack thereof) - almost every morning my shower water temperature would waver between comfortably hot to lukewarm. Pressure is pretty low. --View - mine wasn't great but apparently some of the rooms are horrible. The Bad: --Free wi-fi / ethernet has inconstant speeds and required multiple logins every day, even when my computer wasn't moved - really aggravating. Same deal for my iPhone. I also got numerous vulnerability threat warnings from my Norton Anti-virus that makes me wonder how secure it is. --No blackout curtains! I had a corner room with a huge wrap-around window and awoke to bright sunlight every morning (not to mention a near total lack of privacy at night). Never had this issue in any hotel or motel I've ever stayed at. --Noise! - the hotel is sandwiched between a few different bars and the late night cacophony of yelling, bar music, trucks, car horns, and sirens is hugely distracting well into the early hours of the morning. I had to wear ear plugs despite being on the 5th floor. --TV had crappy HD signal with out of sync audio on every channel. And the remote was useless. --In room bar had standard inflated prices but the $7 bottle of Fiji water bedside was insulting. Don't even think of opening it; there's a 7-Eleven around the corner that sells exact same bottle for a fraction of the cost. Summary: --Not recommended. Looks much nicer in the website photos than it is. Rating on Yelp is bloated by at a least a star.
fake ||| negative ||| I would never stay here again. For a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel, it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services. I would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel. The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained.
truthful ||| positive ||| After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| I chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed. The previous weekend, I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away, and was much more impressed there. The Hard Rock had a number of issues including: very dark room - not much light (artificial or natural); lots of street noise; very cheap decor and furniture; broken cabinet door; very warm room - said they would send maintenance, but they never arrived; had bar charges on account that were not ours. Overall, I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel. I expected a much better experience!
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Hilton Chicago back in July. For a "luxury" hotel this place did not meet my expectations. For starters, we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn't be ready for at least another hour! I'm used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee. Since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel's restaurants, Kitty O'Sheas. Well, we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks. Once we finally got to our room it was OK, although not great for the price. We had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view, and there were not extra towels as I had requested. We had to call room service twice to receive them, then another two times because our air conditioner wasn't working. Fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so I could barely use internet on my phone. Next time I'm in the Chicago area I won't be staying at the Hilton. I'd only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money.
truthful ||| positive ||| The concierge was so helpful. Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful. They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating's. Loved the health club at the back of the hotel. By joining the presidents club, it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities. The rooms were large, updated and had views looking out in 3 directions. The coffee maker in the room was exceptional. Location is great for getting mostly anywhere. Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| I arrived to find that my room was not ready, despite it being past the 3pm check in time. I was not offered any compensation for this, or any real apology, just shunted off to the side to wait it out. This took a good hour and a half, during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting. Again, no apologies, just my card. The room was adequately clean (it had better be...) though sparsely furnished for the price. It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot, south coastal motels. I encountered several problems with on site amenities, both in room and out. Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway, even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors. It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness. After the abysmal (lack of) service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night (I declined to try the room service, unimpressed with every other offering so far). I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips.
fake ||| positive ||| The Talbott Hotel is fantastic! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need. The high speed internet access worked flawlessly; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room. I really like to exercise before a day of meetings; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient. Last point: I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission. Guilt free luxury!
truthful ||| positive ||| This is a great hotel! From the doorman who greeted us as we arrived, to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine, everyone was very friendly and helpful. We were "strangers but for a minute!" The room was extremely clean, well appointed and we had a pretty view of the Chicago River, especially enjoyed from the large window seats. Loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll! Hallways were large and quiet. The restaurant next door, South Water Kitchen is very nice too. The location is in walking distance of the theatres, parks, the river (take a cruise), Michigan Ave. It's ideal. The only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful. For a self-sufficient traveler, you wouldn't really need their services (although it is nice) but for someone coming to Chicago for the first time, a concierge can be very helpful. I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.
truthful ||| negative ||| we love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise, it was a great stay!
truthful ||| positive ||| Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel. It is true that this is an older hotel. But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur. (think of the hotel from the Shining, minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins.) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids, I was made to feel like royalty. A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions. Also the location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action, but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions. I also got a sweet $89 per night room by booking on travelzoo. That was just an added bonus however. Even if I paid $200 per night, my impression of the Ambassador would not change. Highly, highly recommended.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior, and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close. With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now, stay two nights...get one free, choose the nicer option! Pros: Room Service: Quick! 15 minutes tops. Bathroom: Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. Lobby: Very impressive, and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you. Location: Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons: NO TOP SHEET! We asked the others at the conference, they confirmed...there is no top sheet. You just sleep with the duvet cover over you. Room: -Small, and not a fan of the modern decor. -Broken closet door, the bottom track was bent. By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things. -Barely any storage: closet was teeny tiny anyways, almost no bigger than a tall locker, only the top drawers of the nightstands open. -Shower: Horrible water pressure. -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo, soap, etc. Had to call the front desk, and they delivered within 10 mins. -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there, realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night. I made sure not to leave the "save the water" card out. They changed our towels, but not the bedding??? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter, and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day. -They charge for Wi-Fi! -You can change the settings on the tv...brightness, etc.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in, the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service, Friendly front desk. Many shops, beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City.
truthful ||| positive ||| I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly, the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure, like all hotels in Chicago, this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However, if you are aware of that prior to arrival, its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car, bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use. Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request, and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall, if I can get a good rate again, I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at. I've never been to Chicago before, but the location was fantastic. They had all sorts of different rooms, from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms. I've never seen so many options for rooms. The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price. The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation. We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency.
fake ||| negative ||| I will never stay at Conrad Chicago again. The employees were rude from the begining. When I asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like I was an inconveniece. The bar staff wasn't much better. The maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay. Do not go there!
fake ||| positive ||| The Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied. Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East, I was greeted warmly. The staff was incredibly pleasant, and the accommodations were top-knotch. The food served at the award-winning "Pump Room" was to die for, and the service was fast but friendly.
fake ||| positive ||| Do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you. Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight. Followed by spacious rooms, luxurious linens, and all-natural Kiehl's body shampoos and lotions. I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago. The bathrooms have raised sinks, and all of the luxurious amenities you would want. I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch. I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere. I definitely would stay again, and plan to stay at the James in New York as well
truthful ||| negative ||| Do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room, that was supposed to be ready, with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used? what about when they left the towel for the floor (the foot towel) to dry my face? what about the slippers that, although being still in the bag, had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage (all over the room, de facto). i didn't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her. shame on us, actually!
truthful ||| positive ||| After reading the reviews & getting an excellent rate through travelzoo, I decided to give this hotel a try. I must say it was a great choice! The location is perfect, just off from N Michigan Ave, walking distance from everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was excellent. They gave us a corner room w/a great view. As many have posted, the bed & pillows were very comfortable (I am very picky about that). I slept well every night! The renovation is almost done & did not bother us one bit. I highly recommend this hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago has become my favorite hotel. I've stayed there at least 5 times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience. As you might have guessed - it has a super Rock & Roll theme, with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor's elevator lobby. The rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians. You can request being on the floor of your favorite band (like KISS, Aerosmith, etc...) The rooms are GREAT. Well appointed. SUPER Comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows. The large TV has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience. There's a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar. I've always had a room with big windows and a view down Michigan Ave (the hotel sits right on Michigan - a block from the canal). The bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design... some of the showers have windows in side of them (you can shower AND enjoy the view down Michigan!) or close the waterproof drapes. I've never had anything but a great experience with the staff here... front desk, doorman, etc are all great. There's a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy. Big screen TV to catch the latest scores, too. Of course, Rock & Roll music pumps thru the place. You can stay at a "plain" hotel anywhere... but this is a GREAT, WELL DESIGNED, FUN and MEMORABLE HOTEL that you'll want to return back to. If I had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight. My daily car parking rate was close to $50 per night, which I'm sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop. Stay here. Be cool.
fake ||| positive ||| "Classy","Decent" and "Serene". these words clearly define the totality of my stay at the talbott hotel in the heart of chicago. the hustle and bustle of the city did little to affect the conducive atmosphere for relaxation provided by this posh hotel. the lounge was so welcoming and flashes of smiles from every angle.the staff from the bell-boy to the managers were polite, helpful and responsive to my needs. the room service was classy and to cap it all the beds were just as comfortable as back home, making the talbott a home away from home. my wife and i enjoyed the t-rex experience and learnt a lot about the city of chicago and what it has got to offer. believe me we will return with the kids because the talbott is family oriented and friendly to kids. it felt very safe. anytime we are in chicago the talbott is gonna be our home away from home!
truthful ||| negative ||| Months prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light, facing an open view, not a close building. (The reservation was made through a conference travel agency.) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record. She told me it would be difficult to find, but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me. I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers, tucked into a very dark corner, facing a wall of rooms. I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request, but to "sit tight" and someone would call me. No one did. Further calls yielded similar results. At one point I was told I could have a "parlor room," with a sofa bed, at a reduced rate, but I could not go see the room before committing to moving. That's real hospitality for you. Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave, I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room. (I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds.) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms. Other than that, it was tight quarters with a tiny closet, two uncomfortably low chairs, at the desk and in a (dark) corner. Light fixtures didn't do much to brighten things up. Since I was here at a conference, I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail, but instead I got a cave. Consequently, I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago, conference or not, I will absolutely stay at another hotel. There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of "inside tower" rooms, places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service. Shame on the Chicago Hilton.
truthful ||| positive ||| This was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large, and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance, they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center, gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| I have been stayed in Allegro for two days. There are not other big prolems but one thing I'm not satisfied with is the light. It is dark in the room. Also in the bathroom, the light is not good. I have to open curtains. I have complained about this to their reception. They said they will fix it, but I did not get any response. I am very disappointed and I will never come back again.
fake ||| negative ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel is not pretty as they advertise it. First of all, it really difficult to get there because its located in down town Chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare. If you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like 30 minutes for the front desk to take care of you. When I arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in, and I thought the wait time was ridiculous. To make matters worse, I need internet connection and the day I was there they had technical problems and the Internet was not working in my room. Two hours later they managed it get to work, the connection was still very slow. For my part, the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations. I was disappointed and will never stay there again, if I go back to Chicago. If was rating it, I would give it 1/2 star out of 5.
truthful ||| negative ||| My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn't ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub.
truthful ||| negative ||| Apart from the location, great, but it stops there. Upon check-in, I was informed I would have a queen bed. I asked for a king size bed, and I was told there would be a charge for going up to a king. GIVE ME A BREAK, a surcharge for going from a queen to a king. When I got up to the room, it was like a oven. I could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service. Everything in the room had a charge associated to it, even down to the coffee, $1.00. Now what's up with that? I was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom. Very small. I have stayed there twice and with so many other options, I feel this will be my last.
fake ||| negative ||| I was here on business so I needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that I could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till 3 am. This was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than I expected and the staff were not very friendly. The person at the front desk had no personality, did not even welcome me to the hotel. All in all I don't think I will be back.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room, since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park, so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic, and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides, a king sized bed. The room was quiet, comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful, polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal, coffee, and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels, like the Hyatt I stayed at last year.
fake ||| positive ||| My wife and I booked a Deluxe Accessible Room at this beautiful hotel for three nights. The wonderful photos don't do the hotel justice. It couldn't have been a more ideal stay. The room was spacious and and clean, the bathroom sparkling, with every amenity one could imagine. The bed felt like it had been just delivered. Our views of downtown Chicago were spectacular. On top of all of this, the hotel staff was extremely helpful. They explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at, and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy! Believe everything good that you read. If you visit Chicago, stay at the Conrad Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| When I planned my summer vacation, I was wanting to travel somewhere new. Chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life. I got in a flight to Chicago and arrived at the Hard Rock Hotel. It was grand and I spent a total of 4 days and nights there. The luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues. The room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious, I could hardly picture not feeling satisfied. I met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town. I enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later.
fake ||| positive ||| Having recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics, I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I couldn't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay. Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42" plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury. My room was not only comfortable and clean, but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home. If you're in the Chicago area, reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed.
truthful ||| positive ||| My stay at the The James was perfect. My room was thoughtfully designed: the lighting, the storage space, the bar area, the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at. The staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating. The restaurant (Primehouse) echoed the above. Great service and one of the best steaks I've had in a very long time.
truthful ||| negative ||| The location is ideal. They have very high ceilings so the rooms appear much larger than they are. The views are great. There were fresh flowers in the bathroom. They had all white bedding. You feel like a princess there.
truthful ||| positive ||| We absolutely loved the Knickerbocker. Now, if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable, forget this place. If Holiday Inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs, the Knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city. The location is great, the hotel bar is cozy and classy, and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in Victorian mansions. For the price, you simply can't do any better than this in downtown Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| The InterContinental Chicago hotel terrible. First of all, the continental breakfast was a joke. The food was unhealthy and unsatisfactory. After our first night, we expected the maid to come clean up our room. We came back from site-seeing to find that our room was in the same condition we left it in. I will never go back to this hotel again.
truthful ||| negative ||| I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny.
truthful ||| negative ||| I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy, etc. However, when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation, I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a "3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay" policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!
truthful ||| negative ||| I booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott. We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators, which are used all night long. When speaking to the front desk, I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor, which I had requested for a better view. I am looking at a brick wall, and getting no sleep. He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor, and were aware of the noise problem. Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this. If you decide to stay here, request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences. This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain.
fake ||| positive ||| Fairmont Chicago was a great choice for my wife and I. We couldn't resist the elegant Aria Restaurant and the accommodations. The room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing. From the moment we checked in, the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality. My wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room. Overall, I would rate Fairmont Chicago a 10/10!
fake ||| positive ||| Great Hotel! The staff is friendly, corteous, and professional. They made me feel like I was a returning guest which I was not (but I will be!). The rooms were very clean and I slept well in the comfy bed. They have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that I took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside. My only issue was the battery for the TV remote died. However, a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about 2 minutes! 5 stars!!!
fake ||| positive ||| I work for a software marketing firm, and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year. I spend a large amount of time in hotels. I normally don't write reviews for hotels, but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond. Let's start where it matters: the rooms. They are top notch. There's nothing better than walking in to a clean, beautiful rooms after a long day of travel. The beds are among the best I've ever slept in in hotels. The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home. The price: Low. I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels, and everything else was at least 10% more expensive. But you don't get what you pay for here. You get much more than that! The location: Couldn't be better. You want to go to a world class restaurant? That's within walking distance. You want a great shopping experience? Again, walking distance. Anything else you want? Chances are, it's within walking distance. Overall, one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.
truthful ||| positive ||| Great location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay.
truthful ||| positive ||| I checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday, I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows, although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service, well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again
truthful ||| negative ||| This review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront, or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And, even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location, the room, and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me, it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later, my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error, I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations, and told "That's not my problem. I can't help you". . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now, I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages, I get the general manager to call me back, and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with, he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later, still no credit. So, I call the general manager again. Oh, this might take up to 72 hours to process, I am told. So, please give it another week. Another week passes, still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed, and he even sends me an email confirming our "agreement" for the credit, just to appease me. Another week passes. Still, not seeing that credit that was "definitely processed" a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving, and at this point, I want to see him personally, and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember, we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel, and to make a long story short, the general manager was NEVER available to see me, nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with, was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation, and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of "you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'". . . WHAT???? Today, my trip is over, and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service, and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| The Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown. I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown. The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay, when in fact, we had a pretty unpleasant experience. It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in. I have no problem with this, except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him. After checking in, we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed. The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms, they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way. The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows, they took over an hour to arrive. I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future.
fake ||| positive ||| having stayed in standard hotels before, when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in Chicago I was skeptical to say the least. After staying at the Amalfi Hotel I may never stay in a regular motel again! Right off the bat instead of a 40 foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that *gasp* have a clue as to what they are doing. We got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site Keefer's Steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection. The room was spacious had robes and slippers, a stocked mini-bar, The mattress was comfy, and the whole room was clean. The staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife. In the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which I loved cause I love breakfast but not crowds. Unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping, my wife was in heaven however, and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards. The whole trip I believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff I would recommend the Amalfi to anyone visiting Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed for just one night ,but the hotel staff was extremely friendly and polite. The rooms were clean and large. The decor had just been redone. The best perks were the complimentary continental breakfast on each floor in the morning and the free cocktail hour with premium drinks and great appetizers at night. We got a great rate and would go back. Great location for walking around.
fake ||| positive ||| I went to stay at this hotel last year. I have got to say it was a great authentic experience, the dining Restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff. Its location couldn't be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping. Looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful. It is very affordable. I recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel was wonderful! I had a last minute business trip, in downtown Chicago, and this is the first place I looked at. I looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms, and the facility itself, and I simply fell in love with the place. The indoor pool, outdoor sun decks, massages, this place really has all you could possibly need, whether you're on vacation, or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week. I mean they even have high speed wireless internet! I would definitely recommend the Omni Chicago Hotel, if you want a great place to stay near Downtown Chicago!
truthful ||| negative ||| Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?
truthful ||| negative ||| The hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.
truthful ||| negative ||| I am usually a big fan of Kimpton Hotels, but this place is awful !!! I would rate it poor from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. It is an old, dark and damp hotel that they slapped a coat of paint on to make it look more "botique" . The carpets are dirty, and tattered; patrons are walking around the lobby in their barefeet. yuck!!! The bathrooms are tiny, and the floors look like they have a layer of flith on them. When we called down to the desk to ask for them to be cleaned, we were brushed off and told they were made to look that way. We woke up on the first morning to find multiple wads of gum on the lobby table. We told the front desk, called housekeeping, and then called the front desk again..finally after several hours someone came and cleaned the gum. The elevators are slow, and often only one is working at any given time. I did not find the staff to be friendly at all, except for one waiter @ breakfast. What a disappointment :(
truthful ||| negative ||| HI HO HI HO, off to Chicago we go. Here's the skinny, if you're hoping to run into a washed up rock star (CeCe Deville for us, and no the teenagers had no idea who he was) you may want to spend your hard earned money here. I took my younger sister and a couple of her friends (teenagers) for an overnighter in Chicago on our way to Wisconsin. I chose the Hard Rock for the ambiance. I mean come on it is supposed to be "COOL". Well it wasn't. The Positives: *It is in the Carbon & Carbide Building, which is beautiful. *The location: it sits in the middle of everything *The lobby has two computers for guest use. *The fitness center is very nice. Cardio machines have individual TV's and there are head phones in case you forgot yours. They have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack. *Check-in and out was quick and Valet was very courteous. The Negatives: *The rooms were small and ours wasn't clean (pistachio shells on the floor). The rooms were painted purplish gray (we were on the Prince floor) with a picture of Bob Marley hanging on one of the walls. The girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows. *Bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub. *The cable reception was poor; I kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture. *It isn't anywhere near the Hard Rock Cafe. *There was very little memorabilia. *There is no pool, and yes I knew this when I made the reservation. To wrap it up, I won't be staying here again. If I am going to drop almost 4 Benjamins on a hotel room, I will stay at the Palmer House Hilton. But that is a whole different review.
fake ||| positive ||| As a frequent traveler for both business and pleasure, clean and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price are important to me. Homewood Suites Chicago provides all of that and more! The room was spacious and immaculately kept, with all the tools you could need to prepare a meal in the full-sized kitchen. After a busy work day, it was wonderful to be able to kick back in front of the huge flat-screen television to relax, with a spectacular backdrop of the city outside. I will definitely book a room next time in Chicago and I'll definitely continue to stay at Homewood Suites in other cities.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary. We had booked an Executive Guest room, upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite. This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend. The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed. The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, lovely food and great atmosphere. Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic. Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay. The grooming was perfect, the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with. This was a beautiful weekend, thank you Affinia Hotels! We would visit this hotel again!
fake ||| positive ||| This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in. I went there to see about scheduling my reception party, and was amazed at the architecture of the building, the interior design of the rooms, and the massive spacing provided for each room. Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club, so that after the meetings, we can partake in a nice meal and drinks. Which brings me to my next point. The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten!!! The James Private Club, I feel was made for the elite and upper class. Very classy, very elegant. The customer service is outstanding. I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception, business meeting, or just need to have a day at the spa. 5 stars all the way!!!
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back.
fake ||| negative ||| After staying at the James Chicago last weekend I can honestly say I will be going for affordability on my next trip. The James Chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected. The chairs in the room looked like something out of Ikea. I love Chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay. I believe I would have been better off and happier staying at the Holiday Inn. You don't always get what you pay for.
truthful ||| positive ||| We brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time. Small rooms, but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene. Lots of interesting amenities in the room. Convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping. Really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone. Lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere. Watch out: The concierge (like all concierges at big hotels) will direct you to mediocre, large restaurants where they get kickbacks. We have stayed here several times and I always check for rooms here when I travel to Chicago. However, the hotel is often full so book early.
truthful ||| positive ||| We got an awesome deal through Priceline for a Friday - Sunday stay at $75 for each night. The hotel is very centrally located on Michigan Avenue "The Magnificent Mile". You can walk to a ton of shops & there are plenty of restaurants handy as well. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the room itself was gorgeous. Very modern decor. Not drab & typical like most other chain hotels. If staying in Chicago we definitely will be staying there again. Price for valet parking overnight was insane ($42/day), but what do you expect in a big city.
fake ||| positive ||| the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic,i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from Aug 25 to 29. I had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife. Jaymes Ballard, the Concierge, made arrange for flowers, early check-in and we had a great room. Our room was the 33rd floor with a view facing the city. Room was large, everything looked like new, great bed, large bathroom with separate shower, great ammenities. A beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival. The hotel is about 10 mins from everything, not close but not far from anything. Has a great restaurant, 2 patios outside where I had a cigar. A really nice pool and hot tub on the 42nd floor. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to Jaymes for making our trip very special.
fake ||| negative ||| I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service. What I actually got was far less than that. When I first arrived to check in, the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored. It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system! And I won't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set! When I finally got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale. The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room, without any fresh air, for years. I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak, as well, and every time you flushed the toilet, water would trickle out from the base onto the floor. Talk about concerning. I reported this to the desk, and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it. No one showed up until the next day, and very early in the morning, I might add. Later, I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine. It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room! And it wasn't even chilled by the time it showed up, either; it was lukewarm. Overall, my experience here was not very pleasant, and I don't recommend booking with this hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at Palmer House for one night in early January this year. During the check in, the front desk lady asked me to show my confirmation letter of my reservation. I did not bring the confirmation with me because I had not been asked to present it in other places during check in.So she asked to print out one copy in their business center and bring the confirmation to the bell station to get the room key. I did what she told me and went to the bell station. However, people at the bell station was totally confused and none of them have the key. A bellman was nice enough to help me go ask their staff at the front desk. I finally got checked in after waiting at the lobby for about 15 minutes. As other people pointed out before, the room I got was small and old with a twin bed, and I could hear people next door using the bathroom. This was not a pleasant experience, even though I paid over 100 dollars to the hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels I have stayed at in a while. At almost $500 a night, one would expect. Traveling with my wife, I expected to pay the cost of the room, already being outrageous, but then I was hit with another $20 charge for her to stay. Even with a King bed, they only figure in one person to their cost. The beds were average and although there was much to do, everything cost an arm or a leg. It was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away. All in all for the amount of money that I was paying on a per night basis, if I was in Chicago for any longer than that one night, I definitely would have stayed somewhere else. I guess you live and you learn, its just a shame that I had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations.
fake ||| positive ||| I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The separated living room and bedroom made it feel like I was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room. The kitchen was a comfort since I could prepare a meal for myself if I wished, and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since I never finish my meals when I go out to eat. I felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling I have with most hotels. I would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere.
fake ||| negative ||| This hotel was not at all what I expected it would be. The website and it's pictures portray the hotel in a much better condition than it is actually in. The amenities were not what I was looking for, and the price of the hotel was not a good value for what was offered there. My AAA membership did not get me a very good discount like it does at most hotels. The staff was not very friendly or helpful when I had questions about the area, and they were not very prompt when responding to requests. I understand that there were a lot of guests staying there while I was there, but they need to have more staff on hand if they cannot provide their hotel guests with quality service. I don't think I will be staying at this hotel again anytime soon.
truthful ||| positive ||| It has been a couple of years since I stayed here, and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great, but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more, as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing, and with the Berghoff open again, there is a great restaurant within walking distance.
fake ||| positive ||| The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is perfect for a romantic get-away. My husband and I spent a weekend away from the kids there and I must say, we were impressed by the staff and the accomodations. We especially enjoyed the in-room spa service. I recommend the Amalfi to anyone wanting a nice hotel in the downtown Chicago area (you are within walking distance of shopping) with great customer service and luxury accomodations!
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience. When i arrived, exhausted after a series of delayed flights, I was told that my room was not ready. Not ready at 5pm, are you kidding me! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds, fine, whatever. I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a/c doesn't work. I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $20. No apology. Nothing. Im exhausted and deal with my 80+ degree room. When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount. Again, no apology. I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back.
fake ||| negative ||| The Chicago Palmer House disappointed me. I chose it because it a Hilton hotel, but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name. My first impression was a negative one when I was greeted by a rather rude staff. My room might have been luxurious years ago, but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening. The bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible. The food served by the room service and at the hotel's restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus, and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine. The food simply did not deliver its promises. Everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small. The location of the hotel might seem like an advantage, since it is in downtown Chicago nearby many touristic attractions: however, the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by. Overall, this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the Hilton name and price range.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights for a friends reunion. The room was clean and new feeling, nice city view, free bottled water in room upon arrival. Check in was a breeze, and our room was ready even though we were several hours early. All staff was friendly and helpful, excellent breakfast.
truthful ||| positive ||| We have stayed here several times and have always found it to be clean with comfortable beds. We were given a choice of breakfast or free cocktails which we thought was a nice touch. Our room was small but adequate. Location was great, close to the L trains and also close to the train station as we always "walk" from Union Station.
truthful ||| negative ||| We went to Chicago for my 2nd wedding anniversary and stayed at Homewood. My first impression was great, very helpful valet employees and VERY nice. That is one perk of my stay here. Otherwise, we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has 19 floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up, the more beautiful the view is. So we got the 9th floor. Not what I call "high up" when the rooms started on floor 6. Then the following morning, we went to breakfast of which was ok, nothing great. My husband and I went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles, some fruit, and that was it. So, we got our food and sat down. After getting stared at for the first 15-20 minutes, an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on. Remind you, it was about 15-20 minutes after we had even entered the room. So she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast. Pretty pointless AFTER we already had gotten our food. I am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long. Last but not least, dont come with a clean car. I had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned, it was filthy dirty.
truthful ||| negative ||| I booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor. After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds. I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds. When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests. Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed. The staff was completely unaccomodating. To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The customer service is well below what is acceptable. The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago. Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!!
fake ||| positive ||| Upon arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed. The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly, which is important to me after a long trip. Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style. The bed was very comfortable, including the linens which felt high quality, unlike what you get at some other hotels. All this made for a great night sleep. Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their "Party like a Rottweiler" package we added to our reservation. For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats, toys and best of all the pet cam! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone! All in all this was a great place to stay and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Hilton Chicago last week and was very disappointed. The highlight of the stay was waiting 20 minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage. Finally, my 72 year old mother, 8 year old son, and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task. The security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me. The valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us. As far as I could tell, he was just standing there doing nothing. I couldn't let go of the bags without everything falling so I gave my son the parking receipt. The attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away. My 8 year old had to tell him to pull it up. They should have been ashamed. Less significant, but irritating issues. The pool is part of the Hilton Athletic club. Two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim. Basically, two adults can take up 2/3rds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover 1/3rd. This is ridiculous and very family unfriendly. In addition, the pool closes at 9 p.m. What pool closes at 9? We stayed for 3 nights. Not one single additional bar of soap, bottle of shampoo, or coffee stirrers.
truthful ||| positive ||| We just returned from a weekend at the Palmer House. We normally stay north on the Mag Mile but wanted to be closer to Soldier's Stadium and the Art Insitiute this time. We were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the Four Seasons two weeks earlier. What a suite!! It was huge. The basic living room, dining room and kitchen/wet bar area was one large room. Up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors. All rooms were spotlessly clean. They even smelled good. Lovely soaps, robes, etc. Lots of large closets. The bathrooms were older but well maintained. Much better than the ones at the Four Seasons. The furniture was nice but worn in some spots. The beds and linens were excellent. Room service was fast. The food and service were great. The pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained. We had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps. Maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb. They wouldn't allow me to tip them!! Check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks. This is a very large hotel, so they have to move a lot of people and rooms. Also, the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an "E". All in all, the Palmer House is a good value for the money.
truthful ||| negative ||| Maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup.....but never have had this experience in using priceline before. The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful. We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room. We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries. This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby. Hallways, rooms, carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont. I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst. Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated...we paid as much as other guest and I'm a Fairmont Gold member. Positives - great location, daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy. Views could be great if you get a higher room. Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer!!!
fake ||| negative ||| Upon first inspection, Sofitel Chicago Water Tower looks like an excellent place to spend a few days in the heart of downtown Chicago, but appearances can certainly be deceiving. Best summed up, Sofitel is nothing more than a fancy Holiday Inn. It certainly shows that this hotel is part of a chain, even if it is an international one. The customer service is poor unless you look like you have $50 to tip someone. The furniture throughout the establishment looks and feels like it cane from Ikea. The rooms are dirty when you first walk in, the air feels stale, and the views are certainly all they're cracked up to be. None of this is worth a "luxury" price or even worthy of a "luxury" name. I will certainly not be staying here again.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in Chicago. However our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival. The hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong. The gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers. The manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth. We did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room. Needless to say, I was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in. If we had not paid the total cost up front, we would have just left and check into another hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| We reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay. After checking in and unpacking, we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed (supposedly during renovation). The front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all 4 of us check into the room. Colleen, one of the managers, was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem. We ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed. We never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently "absent from the hotel" during most of our stay. We stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence. We had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology. The lack of training of the staff was clearly evident, as was the cavalier attitude of the management.
fake ||| negative ||| I just got home from my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. Me and my family were in Chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be. When we walked in the door there was a horrid odor. Almost like a public bathroom. The check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative. She would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet! When we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting. The beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks. After the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast. The food there tastes and looks like vomit. The rest of the weeks stay there was like living in Hell. The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel is definitely not a good place to stay. It is actually probably on of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at.
truthful ||| positive ||| For the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated, and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive, and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49, so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked, and as others have noted, the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return, esp as this pricepoint.
fake ||| negative ||| I had the misfortune of being booked at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago a few weeks ago. What a joke. To start off, the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed. I don't know who made the bed up in my room, but it could have been done better by my 7 year old. Ditto the bathroom. Water spots, soap scum and (ugh) hair of ALL kinds in the sink, tub and about the floor. GROSS. I requested non-smoking, either they didn't listen or didn't care, but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray. The "beautiful view" was ruined by water spots - not outside(which is forgiveable) but INSIDE! And they were sticky. I stayed only one night. The Holiday Inn had rooms available, and they were clean. Never Again.
truthful ||| negative ||| Location is excellent, but don't valet your car there,(53.00 a day). Bed was to soft, pillows were flat, we couldn't open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way. All in all not what you'd expect from a hotel in that area.
truthful ||| positive ||| I only stayed out with my boyfriend for one night, however enjoyed my stay. The staff was friendly, the room was nice and clean, the hallways and ballrooms etc were elegant. Room service was quick and had good options to choose from that actually tasted great. The staff was able to extend our check out time for an extra 1-2 hours without an extra charge to the room. Great location too! Walking distance from the Art Museum, Millennium Park, Grant Park (right across the street) and a quick cab ride to McCormick Place. If I were in the city again I would love to stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Knickerbocker Hotel the last time I visited Chicago. I lived in Illinois during college, and as I was on a college budget, most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown. For my visit back, I decided I would treat myself to a nicer stay than I was used to, so I booked a room at the Knickerbocker. Everything looked nice when I got there, but for the price I paid, I was really expecting something far above and beyond what I got. Maybe I wasn't dressed right, or didn't carry the right luggage, but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when I checked in. Shouldn't a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome? When I stayed at the cheap hotels in college, the front desk employees were always friendly when I checked in and out, and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city. Here, I didn't even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because I didn't want to deal with the eye rolling and "too important to be bothered" attitude I got when I checked in. I guess the location was more convenient than the hotels I used to visit, but I really thought that part of the money I was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience. Look, obviously I can afford to stay at your hotel, I already booked and paid for the room. Even if customer service isn't your number one goal, making money should be pretty high up on the list, and making a paying customer feel unwelcome isn't a very good way to secure return business. I doubt I'll stay here again.
fake ||| negative ||| I was on a business trip to Chicago a while back and I had the unfortunate luck of staying at the InterContinental Chicago Hotel. I say unfortunate , because from the first moment I walked in my experience was poor. The front desk made me wait a very long time and I had to resolve an issue with my reservation. My receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that I supply a personal credit card for the room. I understand their precautions but I travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation. Once that was all taken care of (several phone calls later) I was taken up to my room. It was nice and I was glad to finally be there, but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip, even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room. I was very happy I only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk I got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me. I will hopefully not be staying there again, and will suggest that it be avoided by all.
fake ||| negative ||| I've stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience. First off the staff was incredibly rude. I could have lived with that being that it was busy, but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out. The room was also horrid. It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair. There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain. Mark my words: Never again will I stay at this dump!
truthful ||| negative ||| We booked through a travel website. This hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in September. The public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done. The hallway was so dimly lit, we couldn't see how to use the key card. The shock came when we entered the room. Whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest's comfort into consideration. The bed was a mere 15 inches off the ground - a mattress (rock hard) over a platform. The "nigh stands" were shelves attached to the wall at around 12 inches height. The room was stark - all off-white, no color. No art work or any decoration at all. The full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit; if it were winter and the heat was on, I think this could be dangerous. There was a desk & chair but no clock/radio in the room; there was a wall mounted LCD tv with very poor channel selection. The bathroom was very small but clean. The problem with it was that the tub was almost 2 ft high and difficult to step in to. An older person could have never stayed in the room. Because of the renovation, there was no restaurant on-site. No vending or ice available on the floor either I can't see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel. I would never stay there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| This was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby. However, when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy. Our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty. Wireless internet is available, but that's an additional fee. Are you kidding? Even the roach motel offers wireless for free! Also, the fitness room was available for only $15 per day. Wow, I thought the room rate was enough to cover that. When I used the coffee supplies in the room, they were not replenished. I called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn't housekeeping's area but they would send some up. No kidding, nearly 90 minutes later I got the cream and sugar! Glad I wasn't in a big hurry. I'll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time I'm in Chicago!
fake ||| negative ||| I chose to stay at the 'Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel' during a recent trip to Chicago because I had heard they had good reviews. Boy, were these reviews wrong!! I had terrible service from the moment I walked in the doors. I was not greeted by the receptionist, it was like I wasn't even there. My room was NOT ready for me when I got there, even though I got there AFTER my required check-in time, then once I was allowed to go to my room, it was filthy! It was as if they didn't even clean it, so I don't know what the hold up was. There were no towels, shampoo or soap in the bathroom. The worst part was that there were bugs in the tub! The place was the most disgusting place I've ever been to, and it is supposed to be one of the nicest! It should be the nicest for the price they charge. I do not recommend staying here! Stay at your own risk!!
truthful ||| negative ||| Just back from spending Memorial Day weekend in Chicago. We decided to stay at the Talbott, and we reserved a room there over a month ago. I must say that we found the staff to be wonderful, but the accommodations to be quite disappointing. We were given room #1605. Avoid this room at all costs! The adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night (and then awaken you at 6 AM). In addition, we had requested a king bed, and #1605 has two doubles. We were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room. Despite the very friendly staff and its super location, the Talbott was less than what we expected, and we would probably not stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| I was sorely disappointed with the Sheraton Chicago. From the outside it looks like a great hotel, and I guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy, not what I expected when looked at the website. The front desk staff was nice enough at first, but when I asked for the wifi password they told me I had to pay extra. I mean come on, I'm paying over 200 bucks a night and wifi is EXTRA? The lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation. (Note to self, don't let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd.) So things started off on the wrong foot anyhow. I guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview (from some of the rooms) and it seems pretty safe. Other than that I was not impressed for the price - I've stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens, a better restaurant, where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour (we stayed two nights and we didn't get our beds made and fresh towels until almost 5). I guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell. In general it seems lke it's on the decline and the staff knows it, they're just kind of lackadaisical. I wouldn't stay there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| As a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East, I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit. Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel, there was no in-room directory, the carpet was torn and stained, no phone book, the refigerator and honor bar had been removed, and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire. I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms, and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue, as there are several larger room types. He didn't even offer to check availablity of other rooms! In talking with the consierge, she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years. All in all, a very disappointing, and expensive, experience.
fake ||| negative ||| When I first looked at the Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel's website, the hotel looked very pleasing and a great place for me to stay during my visit to Chicago. The problems began when I called to make a reservation. The woman who answered was very rude, to say the least. I had a few questions about the spa services. She rushed through what sounded like she was reading through a brochure. I decided that I shouldn't let one person ruin my experience with the hotel so I made a reservation and soon I was in Chicago. The front desk service was very pleasant when I arrived, and the room seemed clean, other than the mysterious stain on my bedsheets. I got dressed up and went down to the bar area for a drink and appetizers. It took over thirty minutes for any worker to approach me for an order. Yet two other parties that walked in after me were served right away. I was baffled considering I was dressed nice and in a fairly good mood considering it was my first trip to Chicago. Needless to say I will not be staying at this hotel again.
truthful ||| negative ||| Great front desk staff, the rest of the experience was dreadful. The room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained I have ever encountered. We had to ask FOUR times for the staff not to slam the supply closet, adjacent to our room (almost in the room itself). They do these random room checks for the minibar, as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of $9 peanuts. The roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones. If you like sleeping in on your vacation, don't stay here. Also, the hotel was under massive construction, a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website. SO we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it. No discount because of the work and noise. I'd rather sleep in a box in the alley.
fake ||| positive ||| The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is my favorite place to stay in Chicago! I travel to Chicago very often to visit my son, who is training for the U.S. Navy. They make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation. The indoor pool and sauna are amazing, and I never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped. If you dine at the LB Bistro, you must try the Eggs Benedict :) The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature.
truthful ||| negative ||| After reading the Trip Advisor reviews, I was expecting an exceptional stay. I was not impressed overall. The concierge, the view, and the hotel resturant were the highlights. The bed, although not horrible, was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home, and I do not consider myself and extremely fussy person. I was traveling for business, and although not dressed in formalwear, was also not dressed down, but all in all, it felt a bit pretentious to me. There are better options for the money, and would gladly stay at the Sutton Place, Sheraton Towers, or Trump for the similar price and better stay. I would ask Trip Advisor to move it down in the ratings......not #1 in Chicago, in my book.
fake ||| negative ||| The name "Hard Rock" might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here. The website alludes to musicians and parties but if you're looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the Hard Rock falls short. The hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this. The service is mediocre and the rooms aren't clean. I stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in Chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun, exciting romance. I should have picked somewhere else. Save your money.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary. We could not have picked a better locate. The price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget. The flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine. My husband loved the Stetson Steakhouse and the 24 hour stay fit gym. We really did not leave the hotel during I stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away. If we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay. This hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and I. What a wonderful ten years celebration.
truthful ||| negative ||| Reservation was for a King size bed, instead I was given a double-bed room. Check-in person must had a bad hair day, because she was unfriendly. Wall St Journal or USA Today is not complimentary. Requested a room that is away from the noisy elevator, but given a room next to a service elevator which is more noisy. I didn't bother to file a formal complain because I was very tire. I travel often to Chicago for business and the first will be the last at Intercontinental.
fake ||| positive ||| The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City. My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I've ever dealt with when traveling, and valet parking is always a perk! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable! There was cable TV, of course, and HBO was included, so there was always something to watch. Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay, and the food was fantastic! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay, but this one was worth going back to! Overall, it was an incredible stay, and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we're in Chicago!
fake ||| positive ||| From the moment I stepped into the hotel I felt like I was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me. Checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly. I only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room, which I loved since I had just had quite a long flight, and made sure I had everything I needed before wishing me a happy stay in the Hyatt Regency Chicago. After settling in and resting for a while I called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a 5 star restaurant. Overall my experience was very positive and I would be glad to return to the Hyatt upon my next visit.
truthful ||| positive ||| We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday, and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am, mind you check in is not until 3:00pm. We got our room on Priceline for $65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights. We were upgraded - for free - to a suite. I think I was so blown away by that, that I forgot to thank them at check-in! Our room was fantastic. It also had a wet bar and a fridge. The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers. I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The room was very clean. Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room. Yes, you could hear people in the hallways, but only because they were rude and were yelling. These were not children, they were adults. I don't know why everyone complains about $48 for parking. This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much, some without in/out privledges. We didn't use any of the restaurants or the health club. We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded. Breakfast at nearby Houlihan's had a buffet for $9.99 per person. Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great. There is a 7-11 not too far away. I don't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel. Yes, it's a big hotel. If you don't want a busy lobby, don't stay in a 2,000 plus room hotel!! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Not one problem. Wasn't too busy for me. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
fake ||| positive ||| Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently. I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable. I'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel had a great location, but you can do much better for the money. The hallways smelled of smoke, dirty elevators, furniture in the lobby was thread bare. The staff was very helpful. The room was large, bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered. If you have any allergies don't stay here!
fake ||| positive ||| Just what I needed at James: I can't tell you how impressed I was with my stay at the James Chicago Hotel. I came into town for a week long business conference and was referred to the James by a friend. The crisp, clean, contemporary ambiance made me feel like I was on a relaxed vacation rather than work. It was luxury without being over the top. My room was clean, comfortable and was above all standards comfortable. In my down time I enjoyed a relaxing massage at the spa and happy hour at the "JBar", and I highly recommend dinner at the "David Burke Primehouse" The customer service from all the staff members, from front desk, to house keeping to the bartender was excellent. I plan on returning on my spring vist and look forward to another phenomenal experience.
truthful ||| negative ||| Stayed valentines weekend. Got the 5th floor with a direct view of the building next door. You have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor. Parking nearby sucks as most of Chicago or pay 50 for valet to go through your car. Glasses were dusty and gross. This location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge, so when you barely touch it you'll get a bill at 3 in the morning under your door. Had I been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a 4 star but not this time.
fake ||| negative ||| Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest. The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation. There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself. If it wasn't already a bad stay, I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered. If they didn't have air conditioning in the room, I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable. If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business, I hope you decide not to choose this hotel. I was quite surprised, I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago was amazing. The staff are polite and well poised, eager to give a helping hand in a short notice. To someone like me, who had never even been in the city of Chicago, it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip. The rooms, hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy, and whenver I went out, I would always find my room perfect ; be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences, or just to hit the mattress and sleep. During my stay, I stopped at their restuarant where I had one of the best American style meal in a while. Overall, the Hotel Monaco is a place I would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit Chicago for a second time. It is truely exceptional.
truthful ||| negative ||| I haven't stayed all that much with Hyatt and I'm not sure if I will be going back anytime soon. The staff was very professional and helpful. Our room was close to being 4 stars; however, fell a little short. It really is time for a remodel of the bathroom. The toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush. I'm not a germ freak or anything; however, I really don't want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if I don't have to. The hotel was fully booked with a teen convention (FCCLA) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it. The noise at night from every direction. The only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party. Coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic. With little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another, absolutely ridiculous. The lobby of the Hyatt at night was a complete Zoo. During our second night I finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the Hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn't anything they could do. ...read more
truthful ||| negative ||| Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.
truthful ||| positive ||| I'll keep it short. My wife, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel. Location: It is located in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave.), so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do. Hotel: The hotel itself is very clean, as were the rooms. Maid service was excellent, including 2x daily cleaning and turndown service (I think they missed a night). Service: Every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind. They always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile. Every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room (sometimes chocolates on our pillows). They always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it. There was no shortage of people to ask things. My only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get. They shouuld have more than one, or longer hours. Other: We had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant and it was very good, and well attended, appointed. They even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet. The pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids. It was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking. Pool and changing areas were spotless. Room: Clean, sunny and spacious. Probably over 400 sq. ft. - 2 TVs, couch, desk, chairs - all in perfect shape. The windows open for some fresh air. Pillows were pretty comfortable. With all aspects considered, I think this was an unbeatable value! I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend. I truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel. It was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there. Omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number. The airlines have cornered the market on that.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores, including Saks, Nordstroms, H&M, Filenes Basement, Macys, La Perla, Apple, Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on! The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable, nice big flat screen tvs, nice sized bathroom. They charge for Wi-Fi, but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration. We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal!
fake ||| positive ||| Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience. As soon as I approached the front desk, I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous. They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry, the Broadcast Museum, the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower. I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed, a 27 inch television, non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities. The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track. Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare. In conclusion, I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| This is a tough one to review... as the star ratings were from 1 star to 5 and had to figure out an average.... 2 is where it was. Here are my tips and props/complaints: Room: 1 Star. I had a corner suite. The room was pretty nasty actually (2703..STAY AWAY FROM IT!!!). There was a CONSTANT banging noise from above. When I first got in I thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding. After an hour, I knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong. Well, the sound continued on for 3 days. Not that I minded too much as I keep things on for white noise... but it sure would bug others. Also, there were about 10 cig burns on the carpet and sofa. In addition, it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa. Also, there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat. I could not imagine all the DNA left on that thing either. *gags* Bathroom: Nice size but not great. The faucet was lose (really lose) and the toilet would not flush right. Service: Great. Everyone I encountered did a great job making me feel welcome. Good stuff. Food: I had meetings there, so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made. It was really good... much better than most hotels. Bar: Very cool. Good music, great service and good drinks. The scene was decent as well. Small bar, but was not cramped. So, maybe other rooms are nicer... well hell they better be. Regardless, if ONE room is like that (especially a "suite"), I have to think others are like that as well. It is too bad though. The views are great and they actually have windows that open... big shocker for the city in general!
truthful ||| negative ||| The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room(actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up). The odors from the kitchen were disgusting, and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen(I.e. hospital). The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable. I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were, that makes this hotel a good value. But i would not stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband, teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August. We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago. When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us. I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best. The room (although I know it was not the largest) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed. It also had superb views of the river and the lake. The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre. In fact all areas are fantastic. The best thing about the hotel though was the staff! From the bellboy, to the receptionists, the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful. One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son! Above and beyond the call I would say! I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did!! It lasted us all day. If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton! We did!!
fake ||| negative ||| This hotel was full of drunks. The lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy. There were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night, yelling in the hallways, making lots of noise. The staff had little to say. I wasn't aware of the noise level when I booked the room and when I threatened to make other reservations, the people in the lobby had nothing to say. We asked for a water view and got a city view. Again, the people at the front desk weren't accomodating at all. Overall, we had a horrible experience.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Hotel Monaco recently was fantastic. We got a very reasonable price for our stay (especially since we were a AAA member), and there was plenty of perks to utilize; in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few. Another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that, upon request, the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room. How cool is that! The staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable. I would definitely recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone in the downtown Chicago area.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed there three nights from 4/17/09 through 4/20/09. Chechecked in about 9:15 AM. Had to wait about 15 minutes because of specials requests I had made. Room was quiet, and comfortable. Marked improvement over last time I stayed there (about 5 years ago). The renovations were great, and maintained the old time charm of the hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Hilton Chicago during a recent business trip. I elected to go with their Executive Suite upgrade. All I can say is, "What upgrade?" It's barely anything above what you get normally. And for the price I paid, I was expecting much better acommodations. Because I arrived around 10:30 the night I checked in (delayed flight) I did not get the concierge service as it stops at 10. I find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you're expecting a guest who has not checked in yet. Beyond that, it took them 20 minutes to get me into my room. First it was a room mix-up, then it was a missing key card. That was extremely frustrating as I was tired and I had a presentation to give the next morning. Speaking of the next morning, the complimentary breakfast was a joke. When I just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast, I'll stay at the next Super 8 I find. And the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed. I will not be staying at the Hilton Chicago every again even though I frequent Chicago. This tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot.
truthful ||| negative ||| " Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price" This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby. I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin, Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. I was extremely disappointed. I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name. Pros: Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location: Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $60 for two people, service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo, one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days, I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel. and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct. I would not stay at this hotel again, It just is not worth the premium price they charge.
fake ||| positive ||| At the InterContinental Chicago, you pay for more than a room. You pay for an experience. Let me elaborate. I was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities. Like any novice traveller to Chicago, I saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs, and those were originally what I set my sights on. Price is a powerful signal, and the sheer discount of those options drew me in. But after doing a bit of research, I realised that distance does have its costs. The price of transit in the Chicagoland area isn't free. And it's far from what I'm used to. Car use is price prohibitive. (I knew that originally, which is why I wasn't going to drive.) But the sting of using the automobile (parking, congestion, toll roads, etc.) gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental. So, I ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit. But mass transit has its costs too, which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages. That's what originally drew me to InterContinental. But InterContinental is much more than the right room at the right place. The decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable. I was travelling on international business, so the ease with which I could transact in foreign currency was a draw. (They had a currency exchange right there on the premises.) And the fact that massages, dry cleaning, and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus. My work gets me tied up in knots. It also leaves little time for doing chores. So the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me. But, on top of all that, the event planning was what put InterContinental over the top. Being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of Chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders--and something I won't forget. In the end, if you're a newcomer to Chicago staying in a time-crunch, the InterContinental is for you. The pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive, but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs, it's nothing in the end. And the InterContinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options, it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be.
fake ||| positive ||| Staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling. I stayed at this one the last time I visited Chicago and it was just wonderful. The rooms are amazing and the one I stayed in had a great view of the city. The beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat, the Wi-Fi was really fast and always available and I liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones. I didn't have the chance to use the spa, but I could tell it was really nice and relaxing. I did go to the Base Bar a couple times for a drink, very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from. The Rock shop was pretty cool too and I bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends. Overall I think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in, the experience is definitely different than any other hotel I've stayed in.
truthful ||| negative ||| where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but , I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on...
fake ||| positive ||| We really enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House Hilton. We were in Chicago for a weekend stay, and wanted something close to State Street, and convenient to the theatre district and the museums, and Michigan Ave. shopping. This is a grand old hotel, with just about every amenity one could wish for. The lobby is fabulous, and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . Our room had a nice king sized bed, and was pretty cozy. Hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a "grand hotel" type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown Chicago. You will definitely feel special.
truthful ||| negative ||| We had a reservation for 3 rooms with 5 adults and 2 kids, got only 2 rooms on arrival. 2 of the corner rooms with an extra room. During the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a.c., even though we switched it off, it went on cooling, strange! At night it was very loud from the street. In the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and I stood vertically in the bed, not what you need, if you only spend 1 night in a hotel. We came here a few years ago and had it better in mind. The area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places, very good. Clean and fancy. Sorry, but next time we`ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| I had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance, yet was given a room facing the street from which I could hear traffic noise. I asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day. The next morning, prior to being moved to a quiet room, the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood. About an hour later I was moved to a room which did not face the street. The room was quiet but smaller and darker. The mattresses in each room were very firm, I would even say hard. I asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same. At checkout I tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under, and this process was still not done correctly after 10 minutes, which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside, with other passengers. (The cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later.) As recompense for the noise, flood, etc., the hotel offered exactly nothing. Not a great stay.
fake ||| negative ||| I was in business in Chicago, so I decided to choose what I thought would be a relaxing hotel to treat myself a bit. I should have known when the woman at the front desk rolled her eyes when I asked for some of the complimentary apple cider advertised. She told me, "It's by the signs" in a "you-idiot" kind of voice. Too bad the signs were too far away from me to read without my glasses! I was ashamed and did not ask for anything from the front desk again. The room itself was horribly decorated and nothing special. The "I'm too ugly to steal" furniture patterns and colors did not say "luxury" to me! I went down to relax by the pool with my laptop, to get some work done. Unfortunately, the pool was overrun with about five rowdy kids. No parents in sight. I would have reported them to the front desk, but was shamed by the aforementioned apple cider incident. Thank God I left my laptop in its case, or it would have been ruined by all of the water that was splashed on me! The "free breakfast" tasted like cardboard; it was something akin to a free breakfast at a $60-a-night hotel. I only tried it once because it made me feel sick when I ate it. The only good thing about my experience was leaving this overpriced motel behind to go to work!
fake ||| positive ||| On our first trip to Chicago, my fiance and I stayed 2 nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the Hotel and the service we received from the personnel. In the past from other "luxury hotels" we have paid much more and received much less. Here the room were very spacious, comfortable and sleek. We spent come time in the hotel bar, LE BAR, and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none! We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel's Cafe des Architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time. If traveling with a lover we recommend the "Air of Romance" package. It was the best! 6 stars!
truthful ||| negative ||| We enjoyed the Hotel Monaco. Great location for walking and beautiful rooms. The staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests. Will definitely stay there again!
fake ||| negative ||| I was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel. The overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance. Given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level, this was most disappointing. Nor was I impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff.
truthful ||| positive ||| my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell. We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef. The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map. The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park. Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here.
fake ||| positive ||| The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay. Nothing bad about it. It was a great value. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were nice and open, and the pool was great. Food was GREAT! My family and I loved staying here! Would recommend to everyone I know.
fake ||| positive ||| MY WIFE AND I STAYED HERE LAST WEEKEND. IT WAS OUR HONEYMOON AND IT WAS WONDERFUL. THIS HOTEL WAS SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT. WE WERE MORE THAN PLEASED WITH OUR ROOM AND THE RESTURANT WAS AMAZING. ALL OF THE STAFF HERE WERE VERY NICE AND POLITE. THEY HELPED US WITH ANY OF OUR NEEDS. I WISH I COULD LIVE IN THIS PLACE. ALL TOGETHER IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST WEEKENDS OF OUR LIVES. WE PLAN ON COMING BACK AGAIN. GREAT HOTEL!
fake ||| negative ||| For all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel, it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there, not the other way around. The Talbott Hotel website claims to have "opulent accommodations, impeccable service, and unexpected delights." The last time I checked, "opulent" had a bit of a different meaning than "easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment," "impeccable" wasn't code for "rude and unfriendly," and "unexpected delights" were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel. Overall, my stay here simply wasn't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations. For a lot less,I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment.
truthful ||| positive ||| The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The "welcome back" sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific, helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients. Well done!
truthful ||| positive ||| This hotel was magnificent! Not only was it a mini palace, but the staff was polite, helpful, and professional. In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago, the concierge, Les, offered to get us tickets, directions, reservations to anything we'd like to see/do. He also got us an upgrade on our room, and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering, the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that. And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi. The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning!
fake ||| positive ||| If you are traveling to Chicago and need a place to stay, I highly recommend the Hotel Allegro Chicago. It was visiting time visiting Chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the Hotel Allegro. He said they were pet friendly,which was a huge plus. This is because I hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time I travel for business. Upon my arrival, I was met with friendly valet who treated me like I was the only customer who mattered. I walked in and saw a hotel like no other I have seen before or after. The lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place I could relax in. After I had entered and checked in, I saw the staircase, which looked like a testament to the staircase in the "Titanic". Frankly, I was amazed and I had not even entered my room yet. My room was a Queen Deluxe room and it was amazing. The bed had a blue headboard,which I have never seen before, and the colors worked together so well I seriously contemplated living there. The room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food I ordered. Later I wanted to get a drink and I enjoyed it at The Bar 312, which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel. These are the specifics of my stay, but there is much more to be experienced that I did not mention if you visit the Hotel Allegro. In summary, they allow pets, the service is amazing, the decoration superb, and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments. What more could a person ask for?
truthful ||| negative ||| Was there recently for one night for a conference. Tried to check-in at 5:30pm (the published check-in was 3pm), they said my room wasn't ready, where as others coming after me were assigned rooms. Was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the 32nd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready. I chilled there until 8pm, no call, so went out for dinner. Came back at 9:30pm and asked if my room was ready. The gal said of course yes and give me a key. When asked why no one called me, she just shrugged. No, my troubles did not end there. I went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room. Came back to the lobby, then they apologized and gave me another room. I said I was not going to walk-in on somebody else again, so they sent someone with me to open the new room. For all my "trouble" they reduced my bill by about 40%. It was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru. Very bad experience.
fake ||| negative ||| There is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel, and a normal hotel. The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other. I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area, and people are smoking their lungs out. Even though this hotel is really glamourous, has a nice bar, a nice restaurant, great music, it is still not a good stay if you don't like people smoking beside you.
truthful ||| positive ||| Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there.
fake ||| negative ||| We booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. However, our experience was significantly different from what we expected, for the following reasons. First of all, there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived. That person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes. Then when we got to our room, there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but I found them to be incredibly dusty. Just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which I found distasteful. Overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it.
fake ||| positive ||| Our stay at the Hilton Chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure. The staff was super friendly and helpful, the room was very clean and the location was fantastic. The walking track was an especially nice touch. Highly recommended!
fake ||| positive ||| This was my first time in Chicago and I tell you they really made me feel like a million bucks. I took a taxi straight from the airport and was greeted at the door by a kind gentlemen who offered to help me with my luggage and assisted me to the check-in counter. I made my way up to my room, which was spectacularly bright and well-lit, then I ordered some food. All in all the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic. If I didn't have such a short stay in Chicago I would have stayed in my hotel room all day!
fake ||| negative ||| Atrocious. Here's our story: My wife and I are Californians but met as students at the University of Chicago. To celebrate our 10th anniversary, we decided to travel back to the Windy City and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love. When it came to lodging, we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered. We wanted to revisit the city and didn't intend to spend very much time in our room. As a result, we didn't spend very much time researching hotels. Big mistake. Our stay at Homewood Suites could not have been worse. Our room, which, I should mention, took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance, was filthy. (My wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom.) The staff was rude and indifferent. The chocolates included in the Romance Package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar. Cleaning staff failed to show up. Front desk offered apologies but little else. Suffice it to say, we checked out early. Never before have I seen such a poorly-managed hotel. Truly shameful. Stay away!
truthful ||| negative ||| Ideal location right in the heart of the Near North side but good grief, they need more than two elevators. You can wait 10 minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor (registration desk on 6th floor), you can face a long line just to catch one. Rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all Homewood Suites - very utilitarian; unlike many locations however, this one does not include a DVD player in the rooms. The pool is OK but there's no jacuzzi. Oh, and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area. Front desk service is pretty good.
truthful ||| positive ||| Was slated for two nights in Chicago, June 12 - 14, 2007. I could onyl get the Intercon for both nights. I booked a handicapped room since that was they had left. After reading other reviews of the property, I decided to move it from two nights to one, and stay the second night at the Hotel Monaco. Of course, upon check-in, I was given a suite. Nice room, great linens, clean bathroom, and very quiet. Parking is really high ($48). I understand some peopel saying the rooms need to be updated, but everything was clean and worked well. At ,ost, the rooms were a bit dark. I had a late night drink at the bar, which was reasonably priced. i did not eat there, but the menu seemed pretty good, albeit with the typical hotel mark-ups to be expected. In all, I thought the place was everything I needed, and was very happy with the room, the staff, the linens, and the housekeeping. Much better than others have indicated.
truthful ||| negative ||| I checked into this hotel, Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010. Next day, I woke up with bed bug bites, numerous, on my arm and back. We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and "taken care of". I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered, which they did. Interestingly, no one from the management, other than the security guy who came when we first complained, even offered any apology for the inconvience. I missed couple of meetings that day. The next day, I called as I forgot something in the previous room, only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest. So much for reporting!
fake ||| negative ||| During my recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel, which is located in the downtown are. I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there. For one, I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations, however, when I arrived, the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds. When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation, he just shrugged his shoulders. When I got to my room, I found it to be very small. There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room. There wasn't, although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed. At night, there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel. I did not figure what the convention was for, but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise. I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise. Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise, but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep. I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me, the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel, but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble. When I left the Ambassador East, I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco, I would never stay at this place again.
truthful ||| negative ||| I would not recommend this hotel. Although it is in a good area, the room was very small and is getting rather dated. The room had extensive damage. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on. There was mold and stains on the bathroom tile. The room was very small. There was not room for a sofa. Just a small faded chair and ottoman. The carpet had stains on it. Also, the bed was comfortable, but there was not a top sheet, just the bottom sheet and a comforter. Overall I was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged. I have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space, cleanliness, and value for the money paid.
truthful ||| positive ||| Staff were friendly, room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location. Hotel is huge, with two buildings and over 2000 rooms. Good location, close to Michigan Ave and the subway. Parking is $48/day. Ouch! I bid on it on Priceline for $59.
fake ||| positive ||| excellent staff and customer service, very clean and spotless. elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view. the bed is very comfortable and relaxing. i give it a five star.
truthful ||| negative ||| October 3rd, 2007 My wife and I stayed at The Sofitel toward the end of September 2007. The hotel is VERY modern. The room was immaculate, but the furiture looked as though it came from IKEA. It was chipped in many places. The light switches were difficult to find, and the HVAC made noise. However, the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large and well maintained. Housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted. The restaurant was small. You can eat for less at a 24 hour restaurant around the corner called Tempo. If you want a truly great breakfast try The Peninsula Hotel. However, after dining there you might not want to return to The Sofitel. Prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full. When we checked in, we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals. Upon returning home, we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the Sofitel had an authorization placed on it. This reduced the line of credit, and it took several days to be removed from the card. Great location! Reasonable value. If you have a Privilege Card they allow you to check out at 4pm as opposed to 12 in the afternoon.
truthful ||| positive ||| I booked this via Priceline, and was not sure I'd like it, as some Sheratons have fallen off the cliff. This hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations. Despite booking with Priceline, I was treated like a king. They let me check in early, gave me a beautiful room, and even went so far as to look up my Starwood number so I could get some credit for the stay. The staff was unfailingly pleasant, the property immaculate, and the room very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| I was very disappointed with the hotel this time. They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit. The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality. The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice. The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room. I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I recently went to Chicago for my Aunt's funeral. We are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town. We were told to stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I wish we could say that our experience there was a good one, but sadly, it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had. Upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms, but when we entered our king suite a very strong, musty smell greeted us on the other side. At first I thought I was just being sensitive, but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved. The smell was too overwhelming. The front desk said they would be happy to move us, but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds, rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved. While this was not exactly what we wanted, we didn't really have a choice to refuse. After transfering to the new room and getting settled, we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work. While this did not bother my husband too much, I was very annoyed, as I need the mirror while I use my hair dryer, curling iron, etc. I absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again, so I simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed. They also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom, so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels, BOTH DAYS we were there! Each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests. For what we paid to stay at this hotel, we were not impressed at all. The customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par. If you are ever in Chicago, do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet, it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey, it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again.
fake ||| positive ||| I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago, gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable. While it might be more expensive than your average hotel....but there is nothing average in this hotel. Exceeds any expectations - service, food, quality, atmosphere were heads above anywhere. Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Affina Chicago for my anniversary. The hotel is in a great location, but that doesn't make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff. It looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet. I spent more money than I would normally, hoping for a luxury experience, and left very unsatisfied.
truthful ||| positive ||| I travel a lot for business and quite frankly, my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new "Chicago Hotel". It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels.
truthful ||| positive ||| Chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit. Some friends suggested trying The Talbott. I'm delighted we took them up. The Talbott is a great "small" hotel a block and a half off of Michigan Avenue near the Four Seasons, Drake and Westin. The concierge staff was most helpfull. Gene and Stephanie took great care of us. The rooms were spacious and very fresh. The elevators could be a bit slow at times. Aside from the construction next door, our stay was perfect. Bice now runs the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed having breakfast there. We will stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| The Talbott Hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome. If you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel. The room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside. The cost is far more than the luxury. The best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels.
truthful ||| positive ||| this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality .
fake ||| negative ||| Don't ever stay at this hotel!, Conrad Chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine. First of all, THE PRICE! you not get what you pay for. I paid &217.50 one night for a room that did not even had a TV!! that's ridiculous! The bathroom did not work, and it was nasty! the bed sheets seemed like used, as if some people slept there and they smelled bad! After my experience with Conrad Chicago, I will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel. You get better service and accommodations even in a 1 star motel!
fake ||| positive ||| The Homewood Suites by Hilton, in downtown Chicago, has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city. After asking the doorman, I discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen. The full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take, as did the stove and LCD televisions. This is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in Chicago. It's mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as $40 a night, which is what I payed when I stayed there in September. The atmosphere was warm and cozy, and the staff were all very friendly and professional.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed three nights recently at the Hilton Homewood Suites- Downtown Chicago. Overall I can't rate this establishment highly. The person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over 10 minutes even to find my reservation. Once I finally got my key, the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me. It didn't get any better when I got to my suite. The bed was poorly made, and I found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows. The room was very stuffy, and I swear might have even had a vague pet smell. My shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door,and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip. Also, the carpets didn't seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable. I also visited their small gym/workout area and was disappointed there also. It had limited equipment that was in poor repair. The floor in there was even slippery, which made it a definite trip hazard. While the indoor pool looked good, as I dipped into it, the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell. All in all, the amenities, the unfriendly service, and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one I would definitely not recommend to anyone. When that is paired with their sky high room rates, it's just not a place that should earn any repeat guests.
fake ||| positive ||| I recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to attend a corporate meeting. To say the rooms at this beautifully renovated hotel are stylish is an understatement. I stayed in one of the more moderately priced rooms yet found all the amenities of premium rooms at other hotels. My room was spacious and furnished in a retro-modern style. A fully stocked refreshment center, wet bar, and LCD HD TV were amongst the standard items. The Allegro is in the center of everything, the Chicago Loop of the financial district, the Chicago Theatre district, great shopping on Slate Street and fine dinning is available adjacent to the hotel (I suggest the 312 Lunch Club). The fitness room is well equipped and clean. The professional and friendly service was the icing on the cake during my stay at the Allegro. My next visit to the Chicago area will definitely include a stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| I arrived here at about 8pm after a flight from California. I didn't know about the renovation when I made the reservations, but that didn't bother me very much. I was helped by a man at the front desk named Ben, who was friendly enough, but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay. He gave me NO information about anything. I had no idea where breakfast was served, or even if there WAS breakfast. There was also an EXTREMELY unpleasant woman working behind the desk(she wasn't wearing a name tag but was African American, slim with short hair) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility. It made me very uncomfortable and needless to say, made me feel unwelcome. I actually felt like I was putting her out by staying in the hotel. I encountered her again the next morning when I had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit, and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness. I also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners. No matter what may be going on in one's life, when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile. I was appalled by her demeanor. My room was alright, there was no clock which I found very odd. Since I came from a different time zone my computer and phone had 2 different times and I was constantly confused as to which one was correct, especially upon waking up in the morning. It would have been nice to have a clock. There was also no literature on local sites, maps, restaurant menus, or even anything with the hotel's name and address in the room. Also, the mattress was the absolute worst mattress I've ever slept on in my life. I woke up every morning with a sore back and neck. I've had better sleep on a hard, lumpy futon. It was absurd. Like another person posted, my tub did not drain either, and I was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found. Maybe they were around somewhere, but I wasn't made aware of it at check-in, and I didn't want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like I was a burden to the employees. The hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance, but I absolutely would not stay here again. I've had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel, which was a bummer because it was my first visit to Chicago and I had pretty high expectations.
fake ||| negative ||| We planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the Swissotel Chicago. Our fun time was not exactly that. Upon arriving for our weekend getaway, we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite, did not mean a thing. Apparently, there were none of the kids suites available. The kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room: coloring, video games, etc. No one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available. Whatever. So, we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available. Guess what? We spent the whole weekend in the same room. Yes, the staff apologized, but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it. Other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly, the rooms were clean. We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel, but I will not be booking a room here again. The staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all.
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend and it was great. The check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question, and the bar served the best martini I have had in a while. The rooms were well decorated and spacious, although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door. The bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late. I would definitely stay here again!
fake ||| negative ||| The Swissotel Chicago is a very mediocre hotel, the service is always poor, and the room service food always comes cold, unless it's supposed to be cold than it comes warm. I would rather stay at a super 8 than this place again.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Talbott was a wonderful experience. The service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations, the Gold Coast location is close to Michigan Ave, the museums, and many of the other sites Chicago has to offer.If you are visiting Chicago, I highly recommend the Talbott!
fake ||| negative ||| First off, don't get a room on a lower floor, the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at 6 am. Then don't bother going down for breakfast at that time either, because the restaurant isn't open that early. When it finally opened, the breakfast arrived cold and late. Nothing like congealed eggs to start your day. The fitness center had no towels and no cups for water. It was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it. After my congealed breakfast, it really was not pleasant. My entire three day visit was like that. I tried room service that night, but again, service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived. My high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all. The furniture was run down and worn. Pool towels were not always available. Generally, for the price I paid, I would expect better service and a better maintained premises.
fake ||| positive ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in. The second you step into the place, it takes your breath away. It's very modern with an antique twist. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. They are clean. Every member of the staff was courteous and polite. Proud of their place of work. Happy to be there. You don't often see that. The room service was phenomenal. Visiting Chicago was amazing, and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better. The luxurious pools were an added plus as well. I also enjoyed the gym facilities. I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed here in the last weekend of September 2010 for the Bears vs Packers Monday Night game. My room rocked! I had a pretty big flat screen, and a super soft bed. The room was clean and stylish, and the staff was very courteous from check-in to check-out. My favorite part was the amazing bathroom - way better than mine at home. I definitely had a great escape that weekend and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to relax.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel. It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl. As soon as I walked in I noticed that there weren't alot of hotel employees. Usually, the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand. I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd. Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk. People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush. Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys. Let's just say it wasn't professional. The room was average and the bathroom didn't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see. No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice. Talk about lack of customer service. All in all, the stay was sub-par and nothing special.
fake ||| positive ||| The Inter Continental is a great hotel. The staff was very friendly, and the accomidations were great. The room was clean and ready on time, and the indoor swimming pool was perfect considering Chicago's weather. Eno was simply AMAZING. Their wine selection is second to none. And the Turkey Pumpkin Curry at Zest was to die for.
truthful ||| negative ||| My husband and I were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website, when called to confirm had us down for only 1 night instead of 4, easily changed. First morning cold,cold shower, didn't complain,next day fine. Phone did not work, called every day to complain, and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room, never was. No dial tone, unable to call restaurant, or call for car or call for room service. Finally, on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it. The hotel is beautiful, rooms great and everyone was so nice, even when I was complaining they were nice. Great gym area also, and love the restaurant. BUT, for the money I could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone.
truthful ||| negative ||| From checkin to departure a poorly run hotel. It took 30 minutes in line to check in because only one clerk was on duty. Another person, perhaps the manager, was in the back room but never came out to help the check in clerk even as the line grew. The hotels elevators are small resulting in 10 minute waits to get up and down floors,especially when 1 of the 3 breaks, as seems to be frequent occurence. After specifically asking for a room away from the elevators, I was assigned to a room directly across from them, necessitating another 20 minute wait in line. The room smelled of mildew and water dripped from the ceiling the first night. I requested a news paper be delivered to my room - it appeared on the morning and never again. Basically, the hotel is understaffed and poorly trained. Never again !
fake ||| positive ||| We stayed here for a weekend trip to Chicago and we will come back and stay here again. It was great place front desk clerks were very helpful.Also we loved the view. Very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean. We will def stay here again highly recommended.
fake ||| positive ||| At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package. We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too "ritzy" for us to travel with our four children. But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.
truthful ||| positive ||| This lovely hotel has only six floors, making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception. The building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it. Trump's huge new tower is just down the street. The Amalfi looks recently refurbished, very modern, but warm and inviting. Bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very, very comfortable beds. Bathroom quite small but roomy enough, with Aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers. Continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor. Great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc (robes & slippers provided) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast. Really enjoyed the Managers evening cocktail reception, especially the Amalfitinis. A nice way to relax after a hard days' shopping! Location is great for all the shops, transport, museums etc. Easy walking to everywhere. Staff also very friendly and welcoming. Would definately stay there again.
fake ||| positive ||| I had to write this review! My tired body walked through the doors of The Fairmont. It felt like I walked through heaven's gates, the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly, that I was instantly energized. The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room. They were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa..oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible, I took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit (my very first) as well as a massage. I was amazed at the size of the meeting/conference room that we used for an afternoon. The room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home. The food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as I was after the meeting, instead of room service, I went in,and the food was mouth watering delicious, and the wait staff was very hospitable They take great pride in everything, even the wake up call was friendly. My stay was so great, that I want to go back again soon!
fake ||| negative ||| I arrived at the hotel 15 minutes prior to check in time as they recommend. When I get there I noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in. Ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase, the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software. She told us to wait until the computers booted back up. I asked if I could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they couldn't activate the cards. Finally another 20 minutes later the computers were up and I finally got my room. Wheres the "luxury" in waiting 35 minutes for a room? They also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me "allegro."
truthful ||| negative ||| Not worth the price. We almost stayed at a hotel for $110 a night, but instead choose the Hard Rock for $180 (a special). We were located on the "newly renovated" Beatles floor. The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced. Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait. I think they were halfway done re theming the room. At checkout they tried to charge us $11 for using the mini-bar which we didn't even open. They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge. Nothing special here. If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay here was superb. The view from my windows was stunning, as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park. The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips. THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca. Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here.
fake ||| positive ||| My friends and I were in Chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood. Well we came across the Hotel Allegro and immediately fell in love! Everything from the colors, the staff, the architecture, and the pricing were AMAZING! We couldn't have found a better hotel. The service was impeccable..talk about a 5 star hotel for someone with a 2 star budget! My friends and I plan on staying here next year when we return.. I can't wait until then!
fake ||| negative ||| Although the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of Chicago, it is somewhat expensive, starting at $200 per night. There are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler. The rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer. The carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas. The views from the rooms are not as great as they could be. The hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature. Although the hotel is located on Chicago's famous Michigan Avenue, it is a $40 taxi ride from O'Hare airport and a $36 taxi ride from Midway airport, both rather pricey options. If you chose to drive there, the valet parking charge is a hefty $53. Again, not very budget friendly. All in all, even though the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago is close to some of the major Chicago attractions, it is only an average hotel on many levels.
fake ||| negative ||| Me and my business associate had a job in Chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features. We did some research online and came across the Hotel Moncaco. We decided to stay for 3 nights. When we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights. The staff was upstiff, and didn't not offer much hospitality. Our room did have a view, but of the city lights and kept our room bright, even with the curtains closed. The beds appeared soft, but did not offer much comfort. For what we paid, we expected more.
truthful ||| negative ||| Visiting during a busy 2day conference in Chicago. Most hotels booked solid. The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers. Everyone is complaining about service, cleanliness, and overall experience. Location is good. Hotel is tired. Employees surly. Too many cool properties to choose from in this town, will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general
fake ||| negative ||| Homewood Suites is a Hilton Group Hotel located in downtown Chicago. Though close to many sights, when we visited there was extensive construction going on along Michigan Avenue, so every morning we were awakened right at 8 am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers. We reserved the basic suite. Though we arrived at 5 pm, well past check-in time, our room was not ready for 30 minutes. The management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience. Once the suite was ready, it was nice. But then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom. We were relocated to another room with apologies, but again, no offer of compensation for the trouble. Once we were finally settled, the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer. The food was okay, but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point. The staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service. We though it was a good idea since we were already so tired. Unfortunately, it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected. All in all we were disappointed with our experience at Homewood suites. We understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable. I would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February. Everything about the hotel and experience was superb. The location was wonderful as well. Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier. The best part of the stay was the "sweet sleeper" bed. It was so comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful as well. Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton! I will stay here again!
truthful ||| negative ||| Good location and looks like a good property but did not seem to be managed well. Front desk staff was inattentive to customers and slow. Nice large suite for a room but plumbing fixtures were in disrepair (housekeeping staff could/should have reported each day) - partially clogged shower head, dripping sink, etc. Clean and OK, but neglected - we expected more from an Intercontinental Hotel. Many hotels to choose from in this area of Chicago - can get more for the price from almost any other.
fake ||| negative ||| Having traveled to Chicago on business once before, I was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip. After some research, I decided that the Palmer House Hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay. And, in a way, it was perfect -- perfectly awful. After reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel's website, I was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary. However, my standard guest room, which the hotel's website describes as "deluxe," was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms I had stayed in at budget chain hotels, not pricier historic hotels, such as this one. The carpeting looked dingy, so I had to wear shoes or slippers any time I walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that I had from my window. In addition, the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long. Everything cost extra, including the gym, the pool and the spa, and the restaurant prices were outrageous. This hotel is overpriced, overrated and definitely subpar. I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
fake ||| negative ||| The Talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay. I was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated & was in a good location. Unfortunately, it just didn't live up to the hype. "Recently renovated" apparently means it was redone in the last decade, not the last year. It was just very tired-looking. Also very disappointing was the food, and the service was hit or miss. I expected better from a hotel of this caliber. Bottom line, there are better places with better value. Stay elsewhere.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the James in June, and I must say, it felt like I was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel. From the uniforms of the staff.. which consists of a small J pin that they wear with nice suits and such, to the wonderful, comfortable beds, the James just makes you feel ultra-relaxed. The gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym, and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition. I really enjoyed the complimentary Kiehl's products as well as the soft, cushy beds with futons. Location-wise, it's just off Michigan ave, and it's close to all the shops and restaurants. I'd definitely stay here if I'm' ever back in Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at this Hotel for 1 night. We just wanted to stay in downtown Chicago. This hotel is right next to John Hancock building. Walking distance to many shopping, restaurant, and everything else. From valet people to front desk people, they were all very friendly and helpful. The best thing about this hotel (other than the awesome location) is that all rooms are suites. You can choose 1 king or 2 double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area. You get 2 TVs also. The roof top pool over looking Michigan lake was lovely also.
truthful ||| positive ||| Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything, no matter how minute. Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter. If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges, taxes etc for room service, bar and restaurant, but where is cheap these days? Would definitely recommend it, especially for families.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed here for New Years eve weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. Hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming. The rooms had the best electronics I've ever seen. Loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall. The hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by, so we avoided it too. Ate at Joe's across the street - excellent seafood. And you can shop til you drop without going outside! Nordstroms and four story mall is attached. Lots of good "food on the run" places in there. Loved Chicago - loved the Conrad. I will go back!
fake ||| positive ||| My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids. Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor, the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff. As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations. This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts. My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant, but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try. WOW! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing. We truly enjoyed our dining experience. All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet.
truthful ||| positive ||| This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors, but looks much larger on the website.
fake ||| negative ||| After a my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it. While the amenities were plush, the service of the staff was lacking. Upon check in, my reservation was "lost" and it took over 30 minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay. There was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way. Room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room. A used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out. I am not sure my sheets were changed out. When I checked out, the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report I spent days creating. Overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers. I will be relunctant to stay with them again until I am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I recently chose the Palmer House Hilton for a rare couple's getaway from our usual life, and an escape it truly provided. There is something to be said for all the modern amenities combined with an aesthetic drawn from a grander and more luxurious time, let alone with ever-elusive accessibility for a wheelchair user! A bonus was that we did not need to feel like we must lug half our usual household with us, because things like alarm clocks, hairdryers and ironing boards were already there, electronic media even available for rent. With a comfortable bed, control over how the room felt, no need to search elsewhere for coffee and excellent room service at our beck and call, we had to remind ourselves that we had planned to leave our room to take advantage of all the Chicago culture in close proximity. Too often a hotel is an overpriced way to get out of making your own bed in the morning, but the Hilton was a true vacation. Thank you.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the James Chicago Hotel for our anniversary. This place is fantastic! We knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice! The rooms are BEAUTIFUL and the staff very attentive and wonderful!! The area of the hotel is great, since I love to shop I couldn't ask for more!! We will definatly be back to Chicago and we will for sure be back to the James Chicago. Betsy M, Louisville, KY
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed in this hotel during a business trip, and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar, a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet. Security was informed, but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them. After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident, despite the fact that I was a hotel guest. Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait. Long story short, I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone, anyone would have talked to me about it. I've since been on the phone with a manager, who promised to call me back once she researched the incident, and have yet to hear back, despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago. I expected more from this hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| I loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago, an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design, but still very lovely and charming), clean rooms, and very friendly staff. They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area), and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it.
fake ||| negative ||| I was recently a guest at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and was immensely dissatisfied. I arrived to find that they had "lost" my reservation. They told me they were booked solid even though I had produced my copy of the reservation confirmation. After nearly an hour of arguing with the front desk clerk she finally asked for the hotel manager to step in. He was almost helpful. He searched the database and found that there was a "cancellation"; however, it was not for the type of room I had reserved. I had asked for a suite as I was going to be staying in the hotel for several days. I was given a box with a bed in it. They made no apologies for losing my reservation and offered no alternate compensation. Unfortunately, I was in town for a conference and everyone in the area was completely booked. I had no choice but to accept what they had offered. I begrudgingly accepted this with the intention of contacting the corporate office and posting my review here. Do not stay in this hotel they will NOT help you with anything, even if it was their error.
truthful ||| positive ||| We attended a Bachorette Party in Chicago in Aug 2005. There were 10 girls total. We had 5 rooms ... and I did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend. Never been to Chi-town before, I booked our hotel based on reviews from TA. And we were not disappointed. The staff is wonderful, the happy hour was just fabulous. The room was nice and clean, with a great double headed shower and Aveda products was an extra bonus! Then you also get free internet in your room! The hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness. We still talk about what a wonderful time we had ... and we all agree that if we ever go back to Chicago we will be staying at the Amalfi again. Trust me the pics don't do it justice!
truthful ||| negative ||| Had a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby, meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking, our reservations were messed up, hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service, a new coffee pot, laundry) that wasn't ours. I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.
truthful ||| positive ||| I travelled to Illinois from the UK on business, and booked Friday and Saturday night at the Homewood Suites so that I could have a weekend in the city. The location was perfect, walking distance to Michigan Ave for all the shopping and touristy stuff, and literally 100 yards to the L (red line) for getting out to the surrounding areas. The room was great: not exactly 'wow' decor but clean and really well stocked. I was expecting a 'suite' to be a larger than average hotel room with seperate sitting area. It was actually a 3-room mini-apartment, with an open lounge/kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. Two flatscreen TVs and a huge bed. Breakfast buffet eggs and bacon were great for the hangover(!), and the kitchen meant that I could cook up some lunch rather than eat out if needed.
truthful ||| negative ||| I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about "24 hour dining." That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in. I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed in a king suite at the Hotel Allegro over Memorial Day weekend. We paid $130/night, and it was definitely a bargain. The suite was huge - living room with a couch, two chairs, desk; large bathroom; bedroom; two closets. The room had recently been renovated, and was very clean. Comfortable bed, friendly staff, great location (near the train and bus), evening wine reception and morning coffee provided. While the Allegro isn't a five-star hotel, it is a great place for the money. (Note: a friend stayed in a non-suite room, and reported that it was very small. Upgrade if possible).
fake ||| negative ||| Swissotel Chicago: Don't let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you. This hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect. Firstly, the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality. For example, the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it's support after trying to open them for a city view. The bedroom bed (King-sized) makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make. Of coarse, this isn't too bad once you fall asleep, until then, it sucks! In regards to room services, the hotel workers are not all that friendly. They talk to you in a stubborn way, as if they just want to get it done and over with, just to get their pay-check. Yes they do all basic room service orders, but it is not all too friendly. Overall, this hotel has it's much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has (which is a bare minimum). With that being said, I would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown Chicago area in need for at least average hotel services. However, if sub-par service and quality is okay for you, then this hotel could be suitable, however, considering it's prices, you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms.
truthful ||| negative ||| Check ins went smoothly. But be advised.... Walls are super thin, the building is old and the rooms are very very very small. The downside of them allowing pets was that we could hear the poor dog barking in the morning probably because it needed to go out. For the price it wasn't bad. It was walking distance to most major attractions. Overall ... it's ok at best. Another plus is the CTA is close by.
truthful ||| negative ||| Generally speaking, nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue. We checked the closed with the mini bar (picture uploaded), so much dust, nobody cleaned here for at least 3 years. We called in housekeeping, giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it. Still the same situation when returning to the room 4 hrs. later. Next day moved to a renovated room, much better but not 5 star clean at all. In addition, there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception, no wonder when just 1/3 of the counters is actually open. Please do something about these issues its ruining everything!
fake ||| negative ||| Hotel is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud, it is hard to sleep during the night because all the "city"noises coming from the outside. The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures. I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband, and we supposed to get room with king size bad, but instead we got, two single beds. The stuff isn't really very nice either, they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Hilton was like living in luxury for a few days. I never wanted to go back home much less leave the hotel. During my stay I could work out in their facility and swim at no added charge. In fact, they didn't charge for WIFI, morning breakfast or their grocery shopping service. The lobby always had complimentary coffee, tea, soda and meals! I felt like a queen. This hotel deserves highest marks for service.
truthful ||| positive ||| This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service, beautiful room, roomy bathroom, top-notch amenities.
truthful ||| negative ||| I have stayed at the James a few times, it is my go to hotel in Chicago. This last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options. The Good: Location is awesome, just off Michigan Ave, Trader Joe's across street for some healthier snacking. It is a great location, easy to walk most anywhere. The door staff are very friendly and helpful. The overall feeling is modern, upbeat. Turn down service with cookie is nice. Free Wifi (which worked to varying degrees throughout stay) The Bad: They claim to be a 4.5 star hotel, which to me, means better then a 4 star and online with a 5 star (without a pool). They used to have Kiehls toiletries and now have "Harmony" brand. Additionally, they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you. It is what I would expect from Holiday Inn or my gym, but not a 4.5 star hotel. I asked about the switch (mainly because when I booked they still had Kiehls in website description) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be "green". That is hard to believe, as it's not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green (they still have incandescent light bulbs, housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down, they don't recycle in room, etc). They are obviously trying to cut costs, and it shows. More: the rooms are in need of some updating, they are looking somewhat tired. My third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front (not their fault). Don't take the stairs (as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie), even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile. The phone staff was fairly rude (granted, they didn't like me questioning their toiletry change). I feel bad giving such a low rating, but it really did not come close to my expectations (from previous stays there). I will start trying out new hotels in the area.
fake ||| positive ||| My family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in Chicago. Check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of Chicago. Next time we come to Chicago we will definitely stay here again.
fake ||| positive ||| First of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all, the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is. Then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room. The room it's self is very spacious and clean. The pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel, they never seemed to run out. The service is beyond exceptional. I would recommend staying at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown to anyone.
truthful ||| positive ||| I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small.
fake ||| positive ||| The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is a wonderful hotel. I had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished I could have stayed for longer. The staff is so nice and helpful. They really treat you like a VIP and are there to help with any questions you might have. The rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home. In my room I had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection. Did I say IN the room? I didn't even have to leave or order something on the television. It was nice to shower with their AVEDA products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me. While staying in for the night I was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel.The bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean! In the morning I was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage. Yes...ordered. They came to my room and I didn't even have to leave. Very comfy! This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed in and I travel a lot for business so I would know.You always have high expectations when you're staying at hotels and I'm pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded. I'm recommending this hotel to everyone I know that will be staying in the Chicago area. I will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because I just didn't want to leave! I would rate this hotel 5 out of 5 stars.
truthful ||| positive ||| This is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk.
fake ||| negative ||| I booked my weekend Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews I found online. However, my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel fell short of my expectations. When I arrived, well over an hour of check in time, I was told that my room was not yet ready and I was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as I did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in. The hotel staff I interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs, and while I do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd, there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor I was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down (after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue). As I am a fairly light sleeper, I woke up several times throughout the night. I would recommend bringing earplugs if you're also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep. Overall the hotel looked very nice, but I just felt that my experience was not worth the amount I paid for my room.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at Omni Chicago for 2 nights in early July (July 1-3). The reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on TravelZoo. We got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food&beverages. I also signed up for their loyalty program, which was so worth it. I was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid. But I was totally wrong! They treated us extremely well. Before our arrival, I got an email asking if we needed anything. So, I asked for a fridge to store the baby milk. And they arranged it for us without charge :) We arrived late on Thursday night. Our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge I requested. We were given a corner suite on the 10th floor...very nice room...comfy bed. My husband was really wowwwww!!! The bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed (we didn't use the sofa-bed though). We got a high-speed Internet as part of the loyalty program. All staff were friendly and helpful...front desk, valet parking, bell boy, room service, concierge,... everyone! We used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning. The first day was great. Food was great, and quick. We also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program. We ordered OJ and hot chocolate. They both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning. But we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible. It tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate :( Also, we ordered Belgian waffle for our breakfast, which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries...but we got a plain waffle. So, we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those. This is why I didn't give "5" for service. However, I reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out, and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal. Another thing is that it's quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor. We could hear siren going on & off during the night. But this is out of the hotel's control though. And I would say that it didn't bother us at all. My baby could sleep very well. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider Omni for our next trip to Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Chicago. My stay here was wonderful thanks to such a friendly staff. I needed to do some research for work and the free Wi-Fi made this very easy. The bed was so nice and soft! Even the pillows were fluffy. I was able to put my valuables in the in-room safe. The local restaurants were amazing. I will recommend this to my friends and I am staying here again in the future.
truthful ||| negative ||| This is a great hotel but there is no way that I would recommend it until the construction around it is complete. The elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at 5:30am and goes on into the night. Dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on 24/7. Worst of all, the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating. Ugh!
truthful ||| positive ||| Just got back from three nights at the Knickerbocker. Went up to Chicago for some last minute Christmas shopping. Hotel is in a great location. North end of Michigan Ave. about half a block away. Staff was very nice and professional. Everyone we came in contact with was very helpful. Granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets. We were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room. Good size room, with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed. Bathroom was somewhat small. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day. Did not eat at the restaurant Nix, but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar. Overheard comments saying the food was very good. Drink service at the Martini Bar can be slow. Martinis run $9 and up. Very good drinks and they don't shy away from the liquor. Valet parking was $35 a day with in/out priviliges. Overall a great stay. Would definately stay at this hotel in the future.
fake ||| positive ||| We were amazed by this hotel. The first great part is the location. Its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer. The view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over Chicago. They even had a florist, as I bought my wife a rose. The menus, the lobby, everything was fantastic. The room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day. I didn't use the fitness center but it looked very nice, I did however visit the bar....and when i return to Chicago, I will again.
truthful ||| negative ||| Stayed at the Amalfi hotel in Chicago this month with good expectations. And what a disappointment! Paid just under $200 for a "deluxe king", and what we got was a 2nd floor view of construction, a dirty, badly "rehabbed" bathroom, itchy sheets, no down comforter!! (just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar, and plenty of rude, inexperienced staff members & managers (def. not a 3 or 4 star staffing!!) I do live in Chicago, and have stayed at a wide range of places. I know that for $200 in February, you can expect a great hotel. As there were many available the weekend we stayed at Amalfi, choosing it over say, the Palmer House Hilton, Hotel Sax, Sutton Place, Hotel 71, was a huge waste. Definitely keep looking and book elsewhere. Not worth the price at all, don't let their pictures fool you. Also, I wouldn't say that our experience was just a rare mishap, the hotel looks like an old Days Inn that had undergone a slight renvation, i.e., new lamps.
fake ||| negative ||| when i first checked the hotel's website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there. but i was totally disappointed once i got there, first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one, it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that. then when i was trying to enjoy the view, they windows were all dusty and dirty. so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse!. i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable; the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww!, its all i can say about this hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| Stayed at the Fitzpatrick before, about 4 years ago, it was ok. The management was great, staff was so kind, and rooms were clean. ** But this time I promised my self NEVER to go back!! The new staff was so rude!! I made a reservation for my Anniversary on the internet, and the day of check in I was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation!** 1) I was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline. 2) Staff was extremely rude! Not arrogant, but rude! Like they hated thier job. 3) They offered check in at 1pm but the room wasn't ready till 3pm! 4) There were stains everywhere! 5) Because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site, they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter. The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me. Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services. Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I'd been in years. My room was clean and modern, yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding. I'll certainly be staying with them again in the future.
fake ||| negative ||| This place was absolutely foul. From the minute I walked in, I knew making a reservation here was a mistake. The person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like I was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in. The room we requested (a room with double beds) was not available. They told me that when I made the reservation, requesting double beds was a "request" and not a "guarantee." What's the point of making a reservation, then? When we got to the room, the room was totally gross. The decor was dated, the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy. The bathroom had spots and stains all over it. I hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets. The "complimentary" fitness area was a joke. One broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells. Thanks but no thanks. We will definitely not return.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in December of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever. First, when I went to check in, I was completely ignored by the staff, they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in. When I got to my room, all the way on the 23rd floor, the room was dirty and had not been cleaned. So back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room. I went back to check and the new room was dirty also. There were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom. It appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean. All I can say is YUCK! My next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room AGAIN! Extremely poor customer service and gross rooms. I felt like I was staying at a $30 a night roach motel, not the $250 a night Sheraton. My advise is to stay away.
truthful ||| positive ||| My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue, Rush Street and downtown Chicago. I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what I've seen in photo's posted on the reviews. The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel! The beds are wonderful -- I need to get a pillow top mattress at home! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TV's. The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose. And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile. I'm anxious to get back to Chicago and it won't be 7 years from now! I would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms, location and staff! I've added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one's I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation.
fake ||| positive ||| Very luxurious and worth the money. If you are looking to relax and unwind in a great hotel then this is the one to choose. The staff was great and friendly. Dont forget the 24 hour room service which is a great treat.
fake ||| positive ||| You made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed with my husband at the Homewood Suites in Chicago. We wanted to do something nice for our anniversary and thought that the Hilton was a solid name brand and expected to have a pleasant stay. Unfortunately this was not the case! The staff was very rude at check-in (which took 20 minutes) and the lobby smelled musky and gross. The room itself was not like other Hilton hotels I have stayed at. The carpeting was atrocious and the color of vomit, the room smelled of smoke (even though it's advertised as smoke-free) and there were a few long brown hairs in our bed! I was so grossed out that I had to call down to the rude staff to ask for our linens to be changed and they gave us a huge attitude about it. And don't even get me started on how poorly the shower/bathtub worked..a nice anniversary went totally awry due to how crummy this hotel is. If I could give it 0 stars, I would!
truthful ||| positive ||| In a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood. A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby, the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink. We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood. It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating.
truthful ||| negative ||| After reading good reviews about I booked a 5 night stay. Checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we'd have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for 2 teens. They somehow had us booked for two rooms instead. Got that sorted out and arrived around 10 pm. Checked in and waited for our luggage... Finally went down and got it ourselves. The room was a little grungy, furniture shabby, and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover. Ewww. Called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me. FYI it's kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel. Next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn't work. Called for a replacement, waited a while, called again and was brought another iron which also didn't work. Third time was a charm. Oh boy. Too bad we paid in advance. Won't be staying here again.
truthful ||| negative ||| We booked the Amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in Chicago. The hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location. However, when i booked the hotel I was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only $10 more. That was great until I checked in. The corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley. During the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley. It would seem that this is a place for them to congregate. On top of this, the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between 5 and 6 am in the morning. The noise was crazy loud. I think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful.
truthful ||| negative ||| Upon first entering the hotel, we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered. Through our 2 week stay, they told us to "have a nice day" as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return. Breakfast is served in the AM, and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen. It was a very enjoyable stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| The lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in. The only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed. When we got to our room, we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room. I am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable. The walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us. When we went to breakfast, we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived. For the price they were charging, the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere. It also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car. For forty dollars a day for parking, we expected better.
truthful ||| positive ||| When we were stranded in Chicago for two days since our flight home was canceled, our airline put us in touch with hotels.com who found us the room at the Sheraton Towers. After a long and frustrating day that ended up with us still in Chicago, arriving at the Sheraton was a joy. The entire staff was wonderful. The bell staff was great helping us (finally) let go of the heavy bags, Jonathan at check in was very helpful and had us in a room which he upgraded for us in no time. We enjoyed the location and the facilities of this property during our unexpected stay and would highly recommend this location to others. We can't say enough about the staff. If we are in Chicago in the future we will definitely return here!
truthful ||| negative ||| no bell boys there when you need them, sully staff, no smiles at all in this place. had to wait 30 min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff. boy, sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in SF. never here again!
fake ||| negative ||| I recently was in Chicago on business and chose to stay at the Swissotel, Chicago. The hotel sells itself as being stylish, sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city. I would have been better off anywhere else. I was not impressed with the interior, finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste. I guess 'stylish' might be modern in some people's minds, but not mine. Also, luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical. When I made my way to reception, I hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website. I had organized an executive suite as I was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room, and thought the extra space would come in handy. When I proceeded to check in, the girl at the desk told me, while smacking gum, that I had no reservation. I handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong, even though I had spelled it out for her. She then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference, all of the executive suites had already been allocated, but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room. Correct me if I am wrong, but this is a step down from the room I had asked for! Surely if you give away my room, you should try to compensate me with something better! I said that no, I really needed more space as I would be using the room as an office, and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available, and that if I wanted to switch the following evening, I would be welcome to do that. The room was ok, although, again, I was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt. I did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services, but found them sadly lacking. Some comments on the services: the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect, and also a per day fee which borders on extortion! There was free wifi in the lobby, but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air, plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out. I did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels, but had to wait 2 hours before they arrived. The fitness center and pool which I was looking forward to using, were closed for cleaning when I went up. Breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items, which is not what I would have expected for the money. All in all, I would say your money is better spent elsewhere.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here for two days in the first week in January, when hotel was very quiet. Got a big corner room. Staff are friendly, decor is modern, and there's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast, which you take back to your room. The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives, breads, cheeses and meats, marinated vegetables. This was a really easy hotel to stay in, fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the 'L', and quiet, despite the building work opposite. If you're in Chicago, stay here.
fake ||| negative ||| I have recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and the visit was most unpleasant. This hotel was loud and the staff was very rude. All the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs. The hotel food was old, it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there. The beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a "nice place to spend a vacation"
fake ||| positive ||| First let me say wonderful!! My wife and i were refered this Hotel by a friend. After traveling to Chicago many time we have had many experiences good and bad with different hotels. We were amazed with the Knickerbocker, we felt like royalty from our first step on the property. Everyone was willing to make our stay rememberable. This Hotel made a routine trip to Chicago a dream Vacation. I can not wait to return...
truthful ||| positive ||| so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill, upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi...we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my!!! SURPRISE!!! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired...spacious and roomy, yet warm, cozy and inviting...great bed, comfortable furniture, great 42 inch plasmas, and the views are UNBELIEVABLE...my only complaint? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN...other than that no complaints, room service was great, morning coffee was yummo...overall a fabulous experience!!!
truthful ||| negative ||| I would NOT recommend staying at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times. She had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since I would be arriving first. The "night manager" at the hotel was extremely rude and told me I could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation. (this was THEIR mistake) They told me I could sit in the lobby for 4 hours until my friend arrived. They did nothing to try and help me until I stood there and complained for twenty minutes. I can't believe that a "manager" would treat a customer this way. There are other great hotels in Chicago. This hotel is not worth the aggravation!
fake ||| negative ||| After a one night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I must say that while I loved Chicago I will never go back to this hotel. The problems started in the parking lot, yup before I even got in. There was very little parking available and the area was filled with garbage, broken glass and kids hanging out looking for trouble. Upon first entrance the hotel seemed nice but all that changed as we got into the elevator to go up to the room. The elevator made all kinds of noise and the door slammed shut on my arm as I was trying to get the bags out. The hall smelled of smoke and the carpets were warn and dirty looking. When in the room we found that one of the curtains would not pull closed, the heater whistled and when I called the front desk to ask for assistance and fresh pillows I was hung up on. This was only the beginning of our terrible stay. Guests where in the hall and banging on walls all night long. The maids started running vacuums before 8 am and seemed to feel that the best way to do it was by hitting the vacuum on the wall with each pass. We could not check out soon enough! We called around and found another hotel to stay in for the remainder of our trip.
truthful ||| positive ||| OK, we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal, and I still got a fine room, clean, up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor. Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture, bathroom tile, shower (no tub), wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV, coffeemaker, ice bucket, and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV, ice/coffee, and minibar) The other room was called "Queen executive". This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence, sofabed, two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed, other in the three level cabinet, the sofabed. Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms. Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave. Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case, not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect.
truthful ||| positive ||| beautiful place with European charm. No complaints, great location, (never like parking in Chicago, though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby, a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown, Navy Pier, and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park, too)...Loved it.
truthful ||| positive ||| went to chicago for a week in may, decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton, we were not disapointed. perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level. we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each. they beds and pillows were too die for, so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles. all the staff were very helpful. a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful. about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called "Orange" which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast, the cafe and the staff are suberb. expect a 15 min wait on a sat & sun morning.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the hotel one night. The hotel is excellent, comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton, perhaps superior, but the location is definitely much better. Whatever your trip purpose is, business or leisure, you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile. Loved it!
fake ||| negative ||| The Talbott Hotel claims to be Chicago's Premiere Small Luxury Hotel. After staying there and experiencing the service, environment, and the hotel in general, I can say with confidence that this just isn't true. I arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and I was immediately disappointed. No one came to my car to collect my bags and I was forced to lug them inside myself. The doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me, leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags. Once inside, the atmosphere was not what I expected. The lighting was poor, leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building. The carpet looked dirty, as if it hadn't been vacuumed or washed in quite some time, and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage. When I arrived at the front desk, I was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me. After checking in I went up to my room and was once again disappointed. The bed was very uncomfortable and I ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water. That night I ordered room service. The food took 45 minutes to get to my room, and when it finally arrived it was cold. The fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends, and probably not to my enemies either. Stay away!
fake ||| positive ||| Amalfi Hotel Chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time. Its proximity to some of the best spots in Chicago makes it a visitor's delight. It is close to the Magnificient Mile which is the shopping area, it is also close to the Loop, Merchandise Mart and Michigan Avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space. Each guest room includes a flat screen HD TV. The beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast. The 24-hour fitness centre is always open for business.The hotel has a no-smoking policy. It also has free internet facilities, room service, Air conditioning, laundry/drycleaning, multilingual staff to make communication easy, spa services, heating, conference facilities, satelite tv, brailed elevators and pets are allowed. The Concierge desk offer the best wine available and I must add that the wine is great. The hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty. The staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand. The hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean. The hotel makes it possible for you to relax, go shopping in the best stores which are close-by, eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership. They offer great deals for every type of customer. I would definitely recommend this place.
fake ||| negative ||| Whatever you do, do NOT stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I made that mistake, and it was terrible! The bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job. Our room was only "cleaned" twice in a week's stay, and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it. They didn't even empty the trash cans! As for the "in-suite" kitchen, it was awful. We were hoping to save money by cooking in our room, but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty, greasy microwave? It seemed a better idea to eat out, and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food. I didn't hear good things about their breakfast offerings, anyways. If I were you, I'd avoid this place like the plague. I know I'm certainly never going back!
truthful ||| negative ||| Nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways, fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the Omni. Location was great but there are a lot of other options. If you get a really good deal on the room, I wouldn't say no.
fake ||| positive ||| Stays here while on a business trip in Chicago. First off the staff were very friendly and helpful. They were knowledgeable about the things in the area when I needed to find something. I had a king bed room - it was very clean and cozy and the view was great. This is definitely a hotel I will stay at again if my work takes me back to Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.
truthful ||| negative ||| The hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly, however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking. Our air conditioning didn't seem to be working well, but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually... cool off. Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax, it happened 4 times. By this time we realized that the air was not working again, so after fussing with the controls it did kick on. The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone, but didn't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working. After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees, I called and maintenience did come to check. After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out. I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel. Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service !! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| This is an older hotel, and the age shows. Rooms are small, and a bit drab. Bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade. Bed was comfortable, though, and the room was quiet, Hotel staff was polite, but not really interested in the guest. Even the concierge was disinterested. Check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line. Really, a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better. The hotel really didnt seem to be trying.
truthful ||| positive ||| The only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other Kimpton hotels. It was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee. The robes were not in the room and it took a long time (hours) but other than that a great place. The concierge was excellent.
truthful ||| positive ||| We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel, cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction, but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all, no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return.
fake ||| negative ||| We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location, but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it. Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities, we found both severely lacking. We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary. We asked for, and were promised, a king room. However, when we checked in, we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available. We could either take a double queen room, or pay significantly more for a suite. We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way. Upon arriving on our floor, we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway, squealing and playing. It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store. It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room, and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available. We explained that we were here for our anniversary, and the ambiance wasn't exactly what we were looking for. The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn't help us - they didn't have anything else. Sorry. Back upstairs we went. Tired from travel, we decided to order from room service for dinner. Our pasta, when it arrived, was barely warm and mediocre in flavor. We ate it anyway and prepared for bed. After using the bathroom, we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing. After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank, we couldn't get the water to stop running. It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem. The next morning, after showering, I discovered the hair dryer didn't work properly. After pulling my wet hair back in a clip, we went out for the day. Upon our return, we expected to find our room made up and fresh. It hadn't been touched. We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it, but by the time we'd left for dinner, nobody had arrived. Our room wasn't made up that day. That night, the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am. We asked them several times to be quiet, but they didn't want to listen, and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen. We called down to the desk, and they told us "they would take care of it", but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway. Nobody came to shoo them away. The next morning, I turned on the hairdryer, expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before. It didn't! Stuck wearing my clip again, we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip. This hotel had potential, but the staff doesn't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers.
fake ||| negative ||| The staff at the James Chicago hotel seemed determined to make my stay a horrible one. When I entered the establishment to check in, I was ignored. The clerk let half a dozen people in front of me before she even acknowledged me. Thinking room service would be better, I relaxed in my room while I waited for my food. By the time it reached my room, it was cold AND the wrong order. Disgusted, I went down to the pool only to find it was closed for maintenance. All the restaurants the hotel recommended were one-star, and none of my regular channels were on the tv. All in all, it was a bad stay at the James hotel in Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| After reading good reviews about the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, my husband and I decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our 30th anniversary. Unfortunately, the hotel missed the mark for us. I did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a 4-star hotel. Because my husband and I have had a bad experience with bedbugs, as a rule, we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, they practically accused us of planting the bugs there. I was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled. Needless to say, we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary. I have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation. I have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that I will be refuting the charge for the one night the Affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline.
truthful ||| negative ||| The Conrad Hilton recently took over this property from the failed Meridian Hotel. It seems that the Conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn't work. The entrance is very difficult to find. There are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby. As a result, there was often a line waiting for them. The same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area. If you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay, you will find the poor elevator layout annoying. The King room is what I would consider small compared to other Chicago hotels. Although I like modern design, the room was quite stark and cold. It was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear. The bathroom was the best part. Has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk? It was the most uncomfortable set-up I've experienced. The views are non-existent for most of the rooms. In a city with amazing vistas, this was disappointing. I saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them. Room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay. Excellent food and high quality presentation. Sorry I couldn't write a better review. Would I stay here again? No. Chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them.
fake ||| negative ||| Me and my wife stayed at the Omni hotel in Chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital. We ended up only staying for 2 nights and the service was awful here. At first once coming into the room, there was a mildewy smell in the air, which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase. The continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well. The eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all. To make matters even worse, the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon, when my wife was back from exploring the city. This was simply unacceptable by any standard.
fake ||| positive ||| I just came back from this awesome, terrific hotel last week, and I have to say-- I loved it! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting, and right when I stepped into the hotel, I knew that this business vacation will be well spent. The customer service was very great, and an employee even guided us toward our room! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds, a flat screen TV, and even free internet access. My wife loved it, and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap. When I headed down to the lobby for my conference, I got lost, and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held. He leaded me to the door, and I was very impressed. There is a fitness center which I went everyday, and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby, where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad. All in all, I thought that the trip was really worth it, and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago. I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there, you will not regret it.
truthful ||| negative ||| The hotel lost our reservations and then couldin't accommodate what we needed. they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request. we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations, they still charged us an early check out fee. If it wasn't for the great location of the hotel, there would be nothing positive to say/
fake ||| positive ||| Conrad Chicago is one of the nicer hotels I have had the pleasure of staying in recently. The rooms were well furnished and brightly lit, but not to the point of garishness. The convenient location was a plus.
truthful ||| positive ||| We visited for my 40th birthday. We had never been to Chicago so was not sure where to stay. Found the deal on this hotel from Travelzoo. Great rate, staff was awesome, very helpful and nice, location was great. Enjoyed our stay but still like NYC better. Great, great hotel. Would stay again.
fake ||| positive ||| When I first booked my reservation at this hotel, honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I mean, I'm kind of a music person, but this was my first real experience with a musically "themed" hotel. Upon staying here, however, I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay. The dining accommodations were excellent, and I was served probably some of the best food I've ever eaten at a hotel. It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago, and I wouldn't have to walk too far to see some street performers, or just take in the majesty of the city itself. The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline, and I could've easily sat for hours, just marveling at the city sprawled out before me. The whole "Hard Rock" and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay. If I had to stay here again, I would!
fake ||| positive ||| We stayed at the beautiful Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel located in scenic downtown Chicago. It was close to shopping, local attractions like the Shedd Aquarium and even the Navy Pier. The hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages, which I took advantage of as any woman (or man) should! A continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee, unless purchased with a package deal, in their own upscale restaurant, Nix! We would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family!
fake ||| negative ||| I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. My husband and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary. We had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from California so they could have time with their grandchildren. My husband and I had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to Iraq the week after we got married. Everyone was so excited! Mark and I had reservations for one of the junior suites. We hadn't gone to Chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered. Unfortunately, when we got to our room, the view was disappointing. We had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one, but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there. I am asthmatic and became very ill. We asked to be moved to another room, but were told there were no other rooms (even downgrades) available. Nothing was done to try to make up for this. Because of my health, my husband and I checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend. This is not how I had imagined spending such a special time. Now, when I think of my 10th anniversary, I will always have this memory to tarnish it.
fake ||| negative ||| What a disappointment this hotel was. First, the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in. When we finally got up to our room, we opened the door and found someone else was already in it! Yes, the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else's room. We went back to the clerk who checked us in (skipping the still present line, which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting) and told him the problem. However, he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us. He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do. This took a *very* long time. It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back. He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view. The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these, but when we got to this new room, we found out why these rooms hadn't been taken. The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel. We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel, but it was late already so we just decided to make do. That was, of course, until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down. Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise. So much for a good night's sleep. I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice, but with all the noise from the loading dock, who cares. We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel. Definitely not going back here ever again.
truthful ||| positive ||| i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles, bacon, sausage , hash browns, toast, danishes, omelets, burritos, all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night, chinese night, american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again!
fake ||| negative ||| Traveled to this hotel on a family vacation. We chose this hotel because it was pet friendly. Upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was! The dog that greets you attacked my dog. There was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast, I found hair in my eggs! I would not recommend this hotel!
fake ||| positive ||| The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world. The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel, and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks. The lobby is luxe and gilded, with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly, accommodating employees. The rooms are plush, with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort. The room decor is modern and sleek, a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels. For your convenience, there's a fully-stocked business center, pool, fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo, business or family traveller.
fake ||| positive ||| How should I start? Well, after staying at the Ambassador East Hotel, i realized it was my favorite hotel ever. The rooms are amazing. The food is great. The Pump room bar is awesome. I love this hotel. If your ever in Chicago, the Ambassador East Hotel is the place to go.
truthful ||| negative ||| The location of this hotel is excellent. The hotel itself is not a 4 star like they say - in my opinion. The room decor is horrible (probably more European than I am used to) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment. On the upside, if you want to stay in a great location, feel safe, and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work. I prefer Westin or Marriott...something that you can count on.
fake ||| negative ||| This hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat. The first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket. This place looks alright in the lobby, but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in Chicago, this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night. Clearly the Ambassador East Hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession. Not to mention that it is at least 30-40 minutes from the airport in traffic. Chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached, particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years. The first room they gave us was a shock. TINY and the bathroom was a joke,, you had to step inside, move out of the way just to shut the door. The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times. so they transfered us to the 'executive suite' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY! The furniture was hideous and dirty. It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud. The only impressive part is the lobby.. but don't be fooled. because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $100 per night. we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal. I don't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we don't ever want to go back there again. 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker. They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms. Boomer. Naperville, IL
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed in this hotel for 5 days in November together with my colleagues. Internet only wired available for 20 additional dollars a day. No fridge or microwave included in the price. Our room had two too soft full size beds. In the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall. Who doesnt believe it, check out the 16th floor close to room 212. With discount we paid more than 300 dollars a night which is ridiculous. I stayed in the Hyatt Regency before for much cheaper and that was way better. The restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty, but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served. please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby.
fake ||| positive ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit. Not only are the desk clerks very helpful, but you feel like a celebrity when you visit. The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp. They also have a great indoor pool and a spa. It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan. If you need a vacation, this is the place to stay.
fake ||| negative ||| I was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the James. I had heard from others that it was "agreeable" and "workable" and "all right," or even "a nice place." I figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend. According to the website, I was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and "warm tones." Well, when I arrived, I felt like I was in an Ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day. Everything in the front was just a bit too askew. The staff were busy, distracted, inattentive, and in every way keen to show me I was a bother to them. I handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort. I also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price. It looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before I got there. The bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly, inexplicably, of men's cologne. Nobody cared when I complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just "stuck in my nose" and that it would go away. Well, it didn't, and I had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived. This ruined my entire first evening in Chicago. For my price I could have stayed a week at an economy hotel, gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs, and still saved money. And I would not have been treated like such a pest. Needless to say, I will be looking elsewhere when I go back to Chicago. I may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels, but I know when I am wasting my money.
truthful ||| positive ||| Ok, so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel
truthful ||| negative ||| Not worth the price, even a little bit. A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic . Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late. Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable. The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature. This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!
fake ||| negative ||| The Hotel Allegro located in the Chicago Loop, provided my wife and I with one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory. We ordered the weekend Liquid Therapy package 48 hours prior as noted on their website, but to our surprise when we arrived, our names were nowhere to be found in their system! No room, no accommodations at the restaurant, nothing had been prepared for us and apparently another couple had already reserved the last available slot. A weekend away turned into the weekend from hell when we were asked to take a smaller room than I originally booked, and never did they offer us a replacement dining option! I have a receipt and credit card statement that shows our reservations being made on time. We will never be staying here again.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back. I had a conference in the Windy City, and my wife decided she'd come along to do some shopping. First off let me say, typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get, i'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed. That said, this place was terrible. The room had a slight odor to it, kind of a fishy smell. The people at the front desk were rude to us. And I found a soiled pair of women's panties under the bed. Gross! Not to mention that once we got home, we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we're worried we brought bedbugs home with us! If I could take this trip back I would. What a terrible place. Shame on you Conrad Hilton, shame on you!
truthful ||| negative ||| My first stay at this hotel and was expecting good things based on reviews. For some reason, I kept being disappointed at every turn. Noisy room on the 4th floor. Could not get the room to cool down - it was stifling. BE WARNED - No water, no mini-bar no vending machine, no nothing once you get in your room. You might as well be in prison. They have coffee in the morning, but it starts at 6 so I had to wait both days. I guess that is convenient for them, but what about me? Workout facility - pretty small but not the smallest. The only treadmill I could get on was broken. Guess what a cooler with water in it! Oh no - it was only stocked for one day. After that nothing. Way to set expectations and then fail to deliver. Same with towels - one day they have them - next day they don't. They essentially forced me to sign up for their loyalty program to avoid a riduculous $10 charge for wireless (go a few doors down to Starbucks where it is free). They should fire the marketing moron who came up with that approach. I have stayed at much better for less. Won't be coming back.
fake ||| positive ||| great hotel. went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time. The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at. Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery. Great staff and wonderfull food as well, i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel allowed me to experience the best of Chicago. The central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased, whether during the day or at night. It was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work. Probably one of the best beds I've ever slept on. The Italian food that they served at Harry Carey's reminded me of when I lived in Italy. Overall a completely amazing experience. I can't wait to book my next stay here.
fake ||| positive ||| This was the best choice my husband and I could have chosen to visit! The Hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water! I was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym. Everything was so clean and invoting. Especially The Pump Room; there was so much history in one rooom. Overall, we had a great, relaxing vacation away from the kids. I would definitely return to the Ambassador next time we're in the area!
truthful ||| negative ||| Let me first start by saying I have always been pleased with the Conrad hotels and that is why I chose the Conrad Chicago. I was very disappointed in the level of service. 3 phone calls to get maintenance to fix the bathroom sink, unpleasant experience in the Terrace resturant, front desk not aware of room eminities, and a very uncaring MOD! All the Conrad hotels I have stayed at have been 5 STAR but not this one. I have to give it 2 stars!!!:(
fake ||| positive ||| I would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are. For my wife and I, we enjoy the warmer colors. Cleanliness along with excellent staff, made me feel away from home yet relaxed. Being right Downtown was perfect for location. The suites are very quiet as well. I surprised my wife with the "Shopping Package". What a hit! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown !!
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at this hotel was one of the best I have ever had! The location, service and accommodations were all outstanding!! The lobby area is beautiful as was my room. In the room there was more than enough space, which is difficult to find in Chicago hotels. My only gripe was the room was a little dark. Sure, staying at a small, upper-class hotel like the Talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it. The service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed. The room service took a bit longer than I would have liked, however, the food was good quality. Another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the Equinox Fitness Center. Finally, the location is PERFECT!! It's located in a beautiful area of the city near the Gold Coast, which has many very good restaurants. A personal favorite of mine is Mario's, a nice Italian place nearby. Overall, my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were, for the most part, insignificant.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at Swissotel Chicago for 1 night while on vacation with my girlfriend. Our plan was to stay 3 nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate. We walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in, we still stood waiting for 10 minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel. Once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention, she got off the phone and acted like I was the one at fault. Needless to say I will not be staying here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable, with nice amenities, and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels.
truthful ||| negative ||| It's so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website, claiming said deal is available on certain dates. But, when you call to make a reservation based on that deal, they tell you it's not available. There are rooms available, but not the deal. Then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal. I get that. Then just SAY that on the website. "Here's a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it." So much for the great reviews about service . . . I couldn't even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed. Bad form, Conrad, bad form.
truthful ||| negative ||| After checking out of the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower the other day, I left the hotel, crossed the street and started to walk EB on Chestnut while looking for a cab. I was still within sight of a Sofitel doorman when I sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same. After doing so, I immediately heard a Sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle. As the cab slowed to pick me up, the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction. When the cab stopped, I quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the Sofitel doorman. After locking the door, the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab. After claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs, he suggested that I had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a "jerk" before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination. Consequently, unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen, please don't attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman. Lastly, as for the rest of my stay, you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in French instead of English. While I have nothing against the French or French language, I much prefer communicating in English when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world. Viva la USA!
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at The Talbott Hotel for 3 nights and I could not have been more disappointed. It was a terrible experience. Long wait to check into room since room wasn't ready even though I arrived way after the check in time. Front desk was very rude. Was given a smoking room when I had requested non-smoking. Room service left a lot to be desired. The food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing. The staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly. Had no toilet paper in room. Room was very noisy. Could hear people next door opening doors, watching tv, talking. The room was very dingy, small and had a musty odor. Needless to say I will not be staying here again nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone else. Stay away from this hotel. Not worth the money.
fake ||| negative ||| When we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, we had one of the worst visits i have ever experienced. Our room was not ready right away so we had to wait about an hour in the lobby. And finally when we made it to our room we found a moldy shower and a dirty floor. The room service took about an hours and a half to come to the room and she we went to the pool that day, it was so crowded there was no room to sit on the side. Our experience was definitely not a pleasant one. To make matters even worse, we were billed twice for our room which my husband luckily caught before we left. I am never coming back to Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed at this Hotel in February 2010. The room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for United Way. So we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity. We were woke up at 3:00am in the morning by a group of at least 25 young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor. Of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours. They were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on. We called the front desk who sent security up immediately. Security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave. We called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down. Because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted. When we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate. Well we still paid for it!!. They would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had. We would never stay at this hotel again, obviously they really don't care about their guests.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel was worth every cent. You have not experienced Chicago luxury until you have stayed here. In town for a conference, my colleagues and I never had to leave our hotel for much of anything. Fine dining, entertainment, you name it: Knickerbocker's got it! I will definitely return as my wife and I frequent Chicago to visit family.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed at the monaco for the Labor day weekend when I visited my family in Chicago. It is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in my life. clean, comfortable and pretty. The rooms were clean and the staff is very caring. I needed some more glasses as my family was sharing drink. The front desk had them sent up in less than 10 minutes. I will recommend Monaco to anyone who will be staying in the Chicago area.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a high-end hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference, and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to, but this hotel definitely wasn't that place. The restaurants were mediocre at best, despite their high prices; I repeatedly got food that was bland, overcooked, or lukewarm. The room was fine, but nothing special; I think I'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago. A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel, though, was with their Jet Set Pets program; it's hard to find a decent, relaxing hotel that I'll like that will also accept my dog. But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt, who is energetic and loves people but isn't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he's got that terrier look. Multiple people mocked him, or said there was no point grooming him, or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room. I know that it's a fairly high-end hotel, but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs. I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well. The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory, especially for the price. I can give them good marks on their spa services, and I really appreciated the pillow "menu," but other than that it didn't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience, especially given the customer service.
fake ||| positive ||| Although much too overpriced in my opinion, the hotel is spotless. The staff was very courteous. And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary
fake ||| positive ||| Set up an important meeting for some clients at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. They were flying to Chicago for a special trip to checkout the music scene and to discuss business with my company. Naturally, they wanted to stay here. The client really seemed to like their rooms, but felt the Paul Reed Smith room was too cramped for our day-long meeting (330 sq ft.). In a panic, I contacted the HRH staff and they actually had another, bigger, room available. We quickly moved our meeting in the Birdland room for the rest of the day and the meeting was a rousing success. (Birdland room is 660 sq ft.) We have a new client and so does HRH. This is where the client wants to stay every time they fly in for future business meetings with us.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed 2 nights at the Knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay. The hotel has recently renovated there rooms. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from Dave and Cora at the martini bar to Julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us. The hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that Chicago offers. Our pick for THE CITY is the Knickerbocker. JOHN and JUDY.
truthful ||| negative ||| My $200 Gucci sunglasses were stolen out of my bag on the 16th. I filed a report with the hotel security and am anxious to hear back from them. This was such a disappointment, as we liked the hotel and were having a great time in Chicago. Our room was really nice, with 2 bathrooms. We had 2 double beds and a comfortable hideaway bed. We had a great view of the lake and park. The hotel charged us $25 to check in early (10am).
fake ||| negative ||| When my boyfriend and I checked into our room at the Omni Chicago, we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled, as if kids had been jumping on it. That was just the first of our "issues". The glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them, and I saw a (dead-thank goodness!) roach behind the toilet. We were given the hotel night stay by a friend, so we decided to just deal with it. We ordered some munchies from the kitchen, and the chips were stale, and the dip smelled sour. After coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies, we were able to enjoy our stay--but I would not recommend this place to anyone!
fake ||| positive ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel is a very high quality hotel. This hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax. It has everything you could possibly want to relax, workout, and feel luxurious. A must stay at hotel, I give it five stars.
fake ||| positive ||| Pleasant staff and housekeeping. Above average breakfast. The rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens. It was bedbug free!! I would definitely stay there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby, the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor, wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the "spa" is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the "sheraton promise" phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hilton Chicago, located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago, has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time. The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic, but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards. Lacking any form of fitness center, the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout. Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point, and the outrageous parking fee of $43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination. Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere, meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites, you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience.
fake ||| positive ||| This is a beautiful hotel inside and outside. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful, I highly recommend this to anyone.
truthful ||| positive ||| Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help.
truthful ||| negative ||| We choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel. Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor, but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay. We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there. There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte. Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet. Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order. We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience. I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel, after hearing all the good things about it. Unfortunately, it was a very underwhelming experience, to say the least. But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel. First off, it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy, affluent part of town that is Chicago's equivalent of Manhattan's Upper East Side, complete with sidewalks, quiet tree-lined streets, real old-school townhouses (instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums), cute boutiques (instead of Gap, Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands) and, of course, Hermes of Paris (which warrants a separate mention). I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches, cherry colored wooden furnitures, area rugs and distinct artwork. The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains. I definitely love the room. While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan, getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task. So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous, ample bathroom, double sink, massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around, do a chicken dance, and strut my Herve and Louboutins in. My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room, but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us, so can't have it all! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service, or lack thereof. I mean, seriously. They don't call it the 'hospitality' industry for no reason. I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say, a 3000-room Vegas hotel. First, I called in to reconfirm my reservation. The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent. First off, she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff, to whom I had to explain myself all over again (my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service). The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly, nor was he at all competent either. Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in, which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there. But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM. As a general rule, I am never, ever, a big fan of room service, having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18% gratuity, 10.5% tax (and still expect a tip) on during my days globetrotting on the company's expense account. Think overcooked steaks, lukewarm soup, bread hard enough to knock someone out, and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite. So I really wasn't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service, but lo and behold, they do. I placed an order of chicken BLT, which (to my initial delight) came in within 20 minutes. Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $2 on top of the 18% service fee (refer above) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin, microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay's chips (lightly salted flavor). The bread looked like someone stomped on it, the L and T looked like it was 2 days old, the B was unrecognizable, and the chicken was burnt and cold. It was pathetic room service at its finest. We did get the item taken off our bill (rightfully so too) but the front desk person was, instead of apologetic, defiant. The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving, it's quite an accomplishment in and of itself. We won't be coming back, unfortunately.
fake ||| positive ||| The Swissotel Chicago is a delight to visit. Located in downtown Chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste. They have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite. Rooms have exceptional views of downtown Chicago. This hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment. Other places to stop by to eat is the Palms, Geneva and the Lobby Lounge.
truthful ||| positive ||| Just spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel, while in Chicago on business. Booked a king-corner room and loved it. Largest room I've ever had in a hotel in Chicago, incredibly comfortable, very clean. The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too. And the location couldn't be beat. Walking distance to the the River, the Loop, Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation. I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise; yes there is some street noise, and the building across the street is under construction (the noise from that was usually between 730-4, if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side) but really, in downtown Chicago it's not going to be silent, if you want silence stay in the suburbs. If you want a great hotel (at a great price) right in the thick of everything, stay at the Amalfi.
truthful ||| positive ||| I took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up. When I checked in, the staff was very attentive, I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude (small tip) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar! I didn't get the "Priceline" glare and it paid off for all involved. The air and water show was underway on the lake front, and we had planes flying over our room. The kids thought it was great. That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly. It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| The room wasvery tiny and was very warm. They give you the illusion that you control the temperature but they do. The bathroom is small. The tub is plastic retro fit as stated in another review, and does crackle under your feet. I, personally, did find the water pressure to be fine and the bath ammenities to be of good quality. The public areas are nice and are good to hang out in. This is basically an old hotel that has been updated. The comment about the closet is true, it is actually indescriable. You can hear everything occuring in the other rooms. The location is convienent but so are many other hotels. If you do stay, fly into Midway, take the Orange Line, you cannot go wrong.
fake ||| positive ||| My wife and I spent our honeymoon in Chicago this summer. During this time we stayed that the Hotel Allegro. I knew this would be a positive experience from day one when I actually booked our reservations, the staff was very knowledgeable and courteous, and the whole process was quick, easy, and painless. Upon actually checking in the day of our honeymoon, the customer service was there again the staff again made us feel at home and at ease. The rooms were beautiful and the spa service is excellent. Five Stars and Two Thumbs Up.
fake ||| positive ||| I was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel. Its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a.k.a. my cousin Janice. The amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality. Would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults. The room and view were spectacular, the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate.
truthful ||| negative ||| My wife and I frequently stay downtown for a night in the city. We have been to many hotels in the downtown Chicago area. My opinion of the Swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience. The Swissotel has a very 'cold' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable. The room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average. The view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel. Other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more. Our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at 8:00a which woke us up. We called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk. We also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel. They said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register. He didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment. Overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment. Spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off Michigan avenue for real top notch service. Anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed here 2 nights for a business conference. The food was pretty good. And they had these really good mints that I couldn't resist. The room was very comfortable and the bed was great. But I was annoyed by many issues. First, their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference. It wouldn't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down. Second, the internet wasn't available in the conference rooms. I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it. Third, The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later. Fourth, on the second night my key didn't work. So I asked for a new one which also didn't work. So I asked for another one and the same thing happened. Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I didn't have to go back down to the lobby a third time. Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room, which I wasn't. Finally, he came back with the right key. Fifth, the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume. Sixth, they didn't have the comedy channel. Much cheaper hotels do. If this hotel didn't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences, but I would expect more for what I paid.
truthful ||| negative ||| I can't recall another time I've had to deal with such rude front desk help. While pleasant initially, as soon as I demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that I was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in (I arrived prior to check-in time, so they were holding a few bags), the true quality of this establishment surfaced. Never mind that the luggage wasn't sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for 15 minutes at 7:30pm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop. While that was a bit annoying, the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of Donna, the very attractive but aloof front desk employee. Her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness, as I noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay, including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning. I also booked a rate that included parking, which Donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately; I assume after I got on her bad side. Even with my last polite good bye to the front desk, I felt a phony, uppity attitude from Donna, and I really can't convey the extent of how insulting it felt. I can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to Chicago. The hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy. Great location as well. To be fair, most of the staff seemed very friendly, and I am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier. But I think most travelers, like me, would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service, so as to not have a "situation" that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience. Unfortunately, that was the case here.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary. The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city. The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly. The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater, visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake. All of these were very close to our hotel. The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge. Highly recommend.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the intercontinental during the last weekend in September for a "pleasure trip" -- the InterContinental was in a great location and the staff was excellent. The room was clean and comfortable -- and came equipped with a new LG flat panel tv. Had breakfast at Zest (hotel restaurant) -- a bit pricey but decent if you want a buffet. The hotel is in walking distance to millenium park, museums and the aquarium. There is also a lot of shopping - window shopping is best though, considering the sales tax is 9.5%! (and possibly raising to 11%) Great stay. I highly recommend it and would stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| The hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at. the room was seemingly nice at first, but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it. I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed. Also, the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms, which interfered with my sleep. I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also, and asked for a well done steak, and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor. This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone.
truthful ||| negative ||| All I can say is avoid this place at all costs. From the reservations assistant (who took 45 minutes to book a room) to check out (they billed my card for 750 dollars) and getting a refund (numerous voicemails and emails no one returned my call). AVOID AVOID AVOID a truely hideous experieince I will never stay at a Starwood resort again, and given I stay in a hotel 4 or 5 days a week this is a big statement!
truthful ||| negative ||| My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from Norway who were vacationing in the City. We were excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading the reviews here, but really disappointed in the accommodations. The web site has a photo of the 18 story building that houses the hotel. It doesn't state that the hotel only occupies the first 6 floors of the building. The rest are offices. Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of a blank brick wall about 16 feet distant. The room itself was unremarkable, with standard furnishings equivalent to a Holiday Inn. Although it is close to the best part of the City, it is tucked behind the new Trump Tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road/sidewalk. Our Norwegian friends, by contrast, stayed on the 33rd floor of Swissotel and had views of the Lake and Navy Pier.
truthful ||| negative ||| Just wanted to let everyone know if you are looking for a hotel with high rise construction next door the Swissotel Chicago is the one for you. My wife and I went there last year and there was just an empty lot next door, this year there is a loud construction site next door. So 8 am Saturday morning you will hear the workers starting. I am sure once the summer in Chicago comes around they will work all night. Just think as they keep adding floors you will be able to look the workers in the eye and wave from your room that used to have a view of the Navy Pier. Now you will get an up close and personal view of people pouring concrete. On top of it the hotel is doing construction of there own. The front of the hotel is block and lucky for us the protestors that are standing in front of the hotel were able to tell use where the new entrance was. The protestors were there because the Swissotel hired a company to redo their sound system that does not hire union workers. If you ask the workers about the noise and they say we can't hear it. I am sure the Swissotel does not want word getting out about this. If you insist on trying it for yourself don't pay for your room in advance they will not let you out of the room and then you are stuck.
truthful ||| positive ||| Spent a wonderful night at the Amalfi with friends. The evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive. Breakfast was a plus, rooms were cozy and very clean. Would not hesitate to go back again.
fake ||| positive ||| If anyone is traveling to Chicago, I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton. I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel. I had a guest room with a double bed. At the first sight, the room had perfect decor. The double bed looked comfy and cozy. It wasn't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me. Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay, I didn't have time to wander around the town for food. It wasn't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks. The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night. I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks. If you are just touring the city, the hotel is quite close to parks, museum, and a lot of shopping places. If you just need a place to stay, the view from the hotel was pretty good as well. Among all the hotels I have spent time in, the Palmer House Hilton tops the list.
fake ||| positive ||| I had to go down to Chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin. It was a sudden trip and I didn't even have the time to book a hotel before hand. When I showed up in Chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel, he took me to Omni Chicago Hotel. I was impressed with how clean it was and they didn't have a problem with getting me a room even though I didn't have a reservation. The staff was friendly to me the entire time I was in the hotel, which was just a short two nights, and the cleaning service was top notch.
fake ||| positive ||| During a recent business trip to Chicago I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Allegro. The lobby gave a good first impression. It was a very clean with a modern designer's feel and the customer service was great. I proceeded to the counter to check-in and within 5 minutes I had the key to my room. I was told to check out the infamous 312 restaurant but I was tired from my flight. I checked into my room. The room was great. A king size bed 37" flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture. After I unpacked I had to check my email. Hooking up to their Wi-Fi was quick and painless! I had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting. I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast. I had an omelet and fruit. The restaurant was great and the food was perfect. I only wish I had more time to stay and enjoy lunch; nevertheless duty called. The concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and I was off to work. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. It's one of the best I've ever stayed at after multiple business trips.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here for one night in June, but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago. Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing. In between Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River. Rooms very spacious and clean. Gym has a wonderful view, as it is situated on the top of the hotel. Bar next to lobby, very busy with good atmosphere. Cannot fault the hotel. Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| Hi,Stayed here for three nights recently,From check in to check out all Staff members went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and if there was anything they could do to help us,directions,restaurants, transport,nothing was too much trouble,The dinner from monday to thursday 5-7 was a wonderful surprise,also the breakfast was more than adequet,Stayed on the 15th floor and slept soundly,Hotel close to everything for the tourist or business traveller.Restaurants and shopping all within 5-10 mins.
fake ||| positive ||| If you have the money, Amalfi Hotel is the place for you. All the way from it's 316 thread count, Egyptian linens to the 24 hour fitness center. This hotel has anything you would need or want. The rooms are equipped with free wi-fi, 32in plasma televisions, multi-head showers and much, much more. You can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center, which is equipped with computers free to your use. After a long night at the bar, you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor. Over all the service is great as well. I recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time. I plan on coming back very soon.
truthful ||| positive ||| I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I'm going to write about the location! I like to walk. This place was close to EVERYTHING!!!! The 'Taste of Chicago' was on during the 4th of July. Let me tell you, this was the best 'taste' of a city that I have ever been to. It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there. I took the train in from the airport (it was around $2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $2.00, how can you complain?)and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel. We pretty much walked everywhere. We walked the entire magnificent mile strip. We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called. My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne.' Wow. I love champagne. And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre. And lots of shopping!
fake ||| negative ||| I had originally chosen the Conrad Chicago Hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance. However, I later learned that I had made a poor choice. Upon arrival, the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk. Although, when we reached out hotel room, we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite. My family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds. The clerk, after a twenty minute waiting period, was able to find us a suitable room. Upon entering, the room was noticably hot. We turned on the air conditioning, and after waiting for thirty minutes, the room remained muggy and humid. I called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room. They promised a repairman within ten minutes. 1 hour later I called again and remined them that the repairman hadn't shown up. They once again promised a speedy repair. While waiting, I discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp. I called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level, but I had to go get them. After all this trouble, I argued that they should bring it up to me, but in the end, I wound up going to get it myself. After returning to my room and waiting another 30 minutes, the repair man had not shown up. So I called again, and within 5 minutes the repairman came. He managed to fix the air conditioner, but it was about 12am. We were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off, but as the night went on, we noticed another problem. The air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds. It also emitted a strange odor. Upon checking with the front desk, we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired. There were not available rooms left, and being so fed up with this hotel's poor service, we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel. I don't recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time.
truthful ||| negative ||| My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city, choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad. We've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there. It's not that way here. These may be all ticky tacky things, but they added up to us. First of all, the room. We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with "an Incredible view". Well, our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us. That was all we could see. So there was no view. The room was muggy. We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74. We woke up sweaty both days. When we opened the window to get a breeze, the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing. The room was small and dark, but it didn't bother us that much. The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in. And we even joked about stealing the pillows! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster, but they removed the charges no prob. Throughout the entire hotel, I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia. I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel, throw a Styx guitar on the wall, and slap a HRH emblem on the outside. The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation. The location is good, right on the south end of the mag mile, but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping, quality eats, and Navy Pier. If you have a car, parking will cost you $38/day, which is prob normal for downtown. The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant. The bar was small and trendy, and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they didn't have a blender. WHAAT???? A HRH without a blender? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town???? Mind blowing! I would never, never, never go back here. Like I said, there are many better hotels in much better locations. I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again.
truthful ||| positive ||| This is a superb hotel. The rooms are huge, including a luxurious bathroom. It is clean and service is first rate. Breakfast was excellent (and complimentary for Hilton Honors members). Hotel is in a good location, and is connected to a mall, which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter. Next time I go to Chicago, I will stay here for sure.
fake ||| negative ||| This might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago, and while the location is not bad, the rooms are definitely hit or miss. They range from the super basic "affordable" room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford. With so many different room options, it's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4:00 pm. The hotel has a decent pool, but the health club is extra per day, as are many other services at the hotel. You'd imagine that for the price of a stay here ($160 up to multiple hundreds) that more things would be included! Additionally, the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful. I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here. If I were to return to Chicago again, I'd definitely try out staying somewhere else.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down. I got the room via PL @ $70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot. Since I had nothing to lose, I asked to be moved to a "room with a view". The front desk attendant( Rasheeda) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was. She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute. I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers. The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier, a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan. All this for $70? Yep! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious! The room was comfy, had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location. I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk. The bed and pillows were very comfy, but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed. This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| Great location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size, very clean and with a nice river view - Overall, a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - (in the interests of full disclosure, we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points)
truthful ||| positive ||| I was attending a conference at the Mariott. They were booked up and I shared a room at the Hard Rock for a week by default. What a lucky break. This is a beautiful hotel. I am not a fan of all that black/grey vibe and find it a little cheesy. What I loved was the way the Hard Rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact, and decorated around the basic stucture. My room was CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN. I want to comment on the staff. What an upbeat group of people. This included the doormen, the front desk, the consierge. They were wonderful! Every morning one of the bell men would find my TV morning news show for me in the bar, while I drank their courtesy coffee. They brought us a refrigerator, IPOD dock, and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in. I had a hard time contacting the airport transport. The consierge took care of it for me. While I was waiting for the 4:50 am airport shuttle, one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back. I just couldn't get over how nice and friendly everyone was....great place to stay. I hope to go back with my husband.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed here because of all the great reviews, and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything, everyone, and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard, and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get, any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hard Rock should stick to restaurants. After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at. Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready (this is after my check in time), the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed. After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long. The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed. The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it (I will leave out the details). Complaining didn't seem to get me anywhere, they offered me a small discount at the hotel's bar. After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock.
truthful ||| positive ||| Excellent location, about a block from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Water Tower Place and John Hancock Tower. Beautiful hotel, felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel. Staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| We chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds. We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel, than some of the other larger high rise hotels. We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel. When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof. The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious. The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door. Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff, just a blank stare and gaze. The front desk staff was chilly and stiff, no greetings, no smiles and no personality. They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests. On the other hand the bellman Perry was great. He was sociable and very service oriented. He was aware of what is going on in the area. He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area, and where to eat in the neighborhood. He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return "how was that restaurant?" Tim the concierge was also supportive. He gave us 10% discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores. We had the largest suite. We requested a rollaway (extra charge) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM. When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed. What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned. We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned. We called the front desk to ask to send someone. The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening. The room itself was pleasant. It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much. We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin. We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service. The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| My expectations were not high because I booked this hotel through priceline for $58 / night. An amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait 15 - 20 minutes for hot water. I called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied: "try running it for 15 to 20 minutes." They forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower, if anyone else expected to use the shower. My boyfriend, who showered after me, had to wait another 10 minutes to get the shower warm again. To make matters worse, after room service was delivered, we called and said we needed another fork. They told us it would cost $3 ($1 for the fork, $2 for delivey charge). Absolutely ridiculous!! At least with a 1 star hotel, you get hot water. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. I guess you do get what you paid for - I just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Omni after attending a wedding that took place there. We were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful. Everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional. We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to Chicago so we can stay there again. And, by the way, the wedding was absolutely gorgeous!
truthful ||| positive ||| We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago. I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate, $89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted. Yes, the rooms show some signs of wear, but the warmth and charm far make up for it. This was such a pleasant change from the sleek, modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels. We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in. We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom. We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic. Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served, I'd love to have some right now! The location was great. Had it been normal winter weather, we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping, but due to the minus 20 degree windchills, we opted for a cab which was less than a $5.00 fare. We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all. We would definitely stay here again!
fake ||| negative ||| The Amalfi Hotel Chicago portrayed itself to be a luxurious comfortable place to stay. When arriving at the hotel my party and I had over a 20 minute wait just to check in. We were treated like cattle once we were able to check in at their "private" counter that their website highlights. It felt as though I was sitting with a bank teller rather than checking in. Not only did the wait and process take seemingly forever, but our reservations were completely wrong. I ended up having to settle for a double non-smoking room when I had reserved a smoking king room. Not having the room I requested and was assured was available is completely unacceptable for the high prices of this supposedly high end luxurious hotel. I was not compensated for having to switch rooms and Audrey our Experience Designer was no help at all even when we called down upon entering the room which smelled of urine and stale booze. I recommend saving a handful of money and checking into a chain hotel in the area. The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is a waste of time and money as far as I am concerned especially when I could stay at a cheaper chain hotel and get better treatment and comfort. Don't waist your time staying here.
fake ||| negative ||| If you are looking for a true luxury experience, Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go. I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience. I did not get it. Check in was not a pleasant experience. The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The room was ok, no roaches or anything, but it was small and cramped. And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel. The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8:30a in the morning. When I asked them to come back later, they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back. And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth. I don't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what. The room service food that I ordered was fine, but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it. When I called the front desk to complain, they apologized, but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food. They have a restaurant at the hotel, but I did not bother to try it. The prices were ridiculous, the menu was limited, and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel. I was really disenchanted with this experience. At $400 plus dollars a night, I received mediocre accomedations and poor service. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else.
fake ||| negative ||| I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again. The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting. The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair. The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room. In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room. I felt rushed out at check out and didn't have an enjoyable experience at all.
truthful ||| positive ||| Just back from a business trip. The Homewood is in a great location just off the Magnificent Mile, includes a great breakfast, heavy hors d'ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of $129. Without a doubt the best value in Chicago for a long, long time.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers recently, and I was completely dissatisfied. When I arrived the clerk was very rude to my guest and myself. We finally got all of our things figured out and went to our room. There is a river right outside and i constantly heard boats passing by. My bathroom was disgusting and not to mention, very small. I did not have a very pleasant experience at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
fake ||| negative ||| The hard rock hotel Chicago is not as good as they try to portray, First ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through. They also have rude customer service, that dont seem happy to answer your questions. There prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer, its just ridiculous. Hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name, but Hard rock hotel Chicago should not be included in that.
fake ||| positive ||| This was a great hotel, one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time. My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn't believe the KimptonKids program at the site. We will be back next time we stop in town. We cannot think of a better place to stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut, so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room, they should have a much better ventilation system.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I booked a room at the Hilton Chicago three weekends ago, as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel. We were expecting some minutia of luxury. However, this was not the case with the Hilton Chicago. First, we had reserved a room with a king size bed, but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed. Now, we did get a reduced price because of this, but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked. Second, we had to change our room key twice. The room keys they used supposedly lost their "charge". This is what the front desk told us. So, we had to go up to our room, find out the key didn't work, then come back down stairs get a new key, then get back in. This was highly unprofessional, and they really need to look into their key system. Lastly, we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room. We knew this was accurate, but I always check just in case. But two weeks later when I checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card. I had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card. Suffice it to say we will not be staying there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed at Amalfi for 2 nights and i have to say after reading all the reviews here i expected a little bit more. It's a fine place with clean bathrooms and comfy beds but it's just not worth the money. It does have comfy beds and free continental breakfast. The sheets though, made us itch for some reason and we are normally not sensitive to these things. The breakfast could really benefit from some bagels or yougurt. Otherwise, it's just an early morning sugar attach of muffins, danishes, sweet breads, and croissants. There are plenty of restaurants around but they are all of the big chain variety, if you are into that sort of thing. Also, the windows do not open and there is a climate control device in the room. The problem with it that it keeps blowing air all the time, alternating between cold and warm, right over the bed. There is a sign not to turn it off but we did once just to see what happens and the air in the room got uncomfortably stale. They do have a business center where you can send fax and use internet for free. The problem is it is only one tiny room with one computer in there. One person at a time... All and all, we will not stay there again. If we feel like luxury, we have to find some other place. But if we feel like a regular hotel in the heart of the city, maybe we will try Red Roof Inn or something like that. At least we'll know what we are paying for.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed two nights. We were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant. He was very cold. Our room was very, very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days. The room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet. We were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink, the door to the bar was locked. We called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn't and were told they were short staffed, 'sorry'. WHAT?? are you running here? You are a hotel in the country's third largest city and your amenities are open at whim? This was our first and last visit to a Kimpton hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| We booked this hotel using points on our credit card. When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by a friendly face. We arrived several hours before check-in. However, they let us check-in early. They also gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel is absolutely stunning! In addition, it is off of State Street. There are many things to do - shopping, dinning, theater. It is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the United Center or the airport. The hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge. The room was so dark and quiet we slept in.
truthful ||| negative ||| A disappointment to say the least. I have heard rave after rave about Hotel Allegro and was super excited when our brother-in-law gave us an American Express gift card that we decided to use for a night out! I called Hotel Allegro and made the reservation for a Saturday night. The person who took the reservation was very sweet and assured me that there would be no problem using the gift card, since they do indeed take American Express. I couldn't wait to get there! We arrive at Hotel Allegro at about 3:00 on Saturday afternoon. Me, the tourist, I am already taking pics of the sign out front and trying to get a sneek peak of the ballroom set up for a wedding. We get in the line to check in. I give them the gift card and my check card. They tell me that neither one will work because they are charging the cards for not only the room rate, but for incidentals as well. We give them a credit card instead. While in line checking in, we hear complaint after complaint from other guests and I start to wonder what our experience is going to be like. The guy at the front desk is on the radio with the bell-man. Someone's luggage has been lost. He desk clerk snaps at the bell-man for the entire line to see. Not impressed. We get to our little shoebox of a room that I was so disappointed to see. The rooms on the website looked glorious! My bedroom at home is nicer than this tiny room. The sink is too small - water splashes everywhere even as evident by the water all over the floor when we got into our room. Yuck. We stay the night and go to check out in the morning. Again, I give them the American Express gift card. The clerk says "their system usually doesn't take them". I tell him that I called to confirm that their system would take it on Friday. He swipes the card and bam! it works! What do you know?? He was so rude. I will not stay at Hotel Allegro again, nor would I recommend it to anyone. Such a disappointment!
fake ||| positive ||| I really loved my stay at the Talbott. My room was amazing! The bathroom (and I am VERY picky about hotel bathrooms) had ample room for all of my stuff, which is a bonus for me. The staff treated me really well and they were very friendly. I was afraid that I'd get a little lost, since it was my first trip to Chicago, but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area (Rush St./Michigan Ave.-- which are *very* close by). The hotel reminded me of those I'd stayed at in Europe. The room service is 24 hours, which for me, was a bonus because I am up mostly during the nights. This is the *only* place I will ever stay if I visit Chicago again. For a single woman traveling alone to a strange city, this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable.
truthful ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Sheraton for an onsite conference, and had problems from the getgo. I had problems with the check-in even though I had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file. The front desk clerks were kind of rude. The room was okay, not worth what I paid for. The sheets were kind of messed up and the room didn't feel very clean. They also charge for internet access, which is ridiculous. Most hotels provide free wi-fi. The conference food, which I assume is catered by the hotel, was not good at all. On the day of the check out, I had arranged for a late check-out, but in the morning before check-out time, someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in! Then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time. All in all, I would recommend staying somewhere else.
fake ||| negative ||| Stay away from this hotel. A few months back me and my wife decided to get out and have a nice pampered away from home weekend. Looking at different options for this weekend we decided to go with the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. They claim " Experience the extraordinary " and this sounded great. When we arrived at hotel we were met buy a closed front door and nobody to help with bags. The front desk clerk explained that our room was not yet ready and to goto the bar for some complemenatry drinks. After waiting 2 hours for our room we finally can start to relax. Well upon entering room the smell of something horrible is overwhelming . The front desk informed us there was no other rooms and they would bring up some air freshner. We packed our bags and headed over to "x" hotel and were able to get to our pampered weekend away from home.
fake ||| negative ||| Problems started when I booked the InterContinental Chicago online at the hotel's site, and got a server error. Somehow I managed to get my reservation, and wish I had looked elsewhere on this great Chicago street, filled with plenty of other options. The server errors continued at check in and didn't let up. I was on a holiday weekend, but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers, and I had trouble getting served. The hotel is enormous and doesn't give a sense of comfort. The health facilities are also just too big, so noisy and crowded. And Internet access was $18 a day, kind of surprising when I can go around the corner to a Starbucks! Next time, I'll pick a more intimate place nearby--without so many "server errors".
truthful ||| negative ||| We booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on Priceline, paid $85 which thought was good price for a 4* in downtown Chicago. The location is great. The hotel minimally OK> Unsure how it gets a 4* rating. It is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift. Staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay. However I would NOT recommend this hotel. I would rather have paid $100 and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case. My suggestion DO NOT BOOK PRICELINE FOR CHICAGO IL AND ASK FOR 4 * BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE ALMOST SURE TO GET.....NOT GOOD ENOUGH PRICELINE.!! IN MY OPINION.
fake ||| negative ||| I only stayed here for five days, but I will definitely never be going back. The architecture is kind of cool, but the customer service was very poor. I don't know how much these people get paid, but they must not think it is enough. Breakfast at the The Continental was alright, but it was overpriced. This hotel felt really crowded and the service was impersonal. There are many better places to stay in Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| This hotel cannot be beat for location, price, & atmosphere. The location is ideal, at the corner of State & Kinzie. There are fantastic restaurants & bars all around, including House of Blues & Harry Caray's. We stayed in a "Corner King" room. The room was amazing. Two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows. Even just being on the 5th floor, we had great views of the surrounding area. The decor and amenities are unmatched. The decor is very clean & simple but luxurious. The hotel is easy to miss from street level, but shouldn't be. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around River North, State Street shopping, or Clark Street nightlife. Even if you'll be on the Mag Mile, this is a short cab ride away. We've officially named this our downtown hotel of choice!
fake ||| positive ||| The rooms were beautiful! The staff was friendly and helpful. I love where the Conrad in Chicago was located, it seemed to be close to a lot of places I wanted to visit. Chicago was great, and the Conrad Hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional!
truthful ||| negative ||| staff was very courteous. desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two. second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day, causing us to miss the free period. room was very clean, with a nice view of the river. bed was very comfortable. toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom (no tank; instead it had a stainless steel valve) instead of a 4-star hotel. no dresser to store clothes. no wastebasket in the room, and there was a cover for the icebucket, but no icebucket. folding luggage stand had a broken strap. location was good, close to the river. several american-style eating places nearby. overall, a disappointment for a four-star hotel. i expected more for a hyatt regency.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hotel Monaco claims to be a "boutique Chicago luxury hotel," but it certainly was neither luxurious nor stylish. The pictures posted on the website imply that the guest is going to stay in a room with an amazing view, but that was certainly not the case for this customer! The decor, which might be "cutesy" or "charming" to some was actually quite tacky and outdated. The bathrooms had a musty smell and did not meet the cleanliness standards of a hotel claiming to be "one of the top 40 hotels U.S." Don't be fooled by a snappy website with some selective photos--this hotel does not live up to its billing. You will be disappointed, as was I, if you expect anything more than a run-of-the-mill experience at a merely average hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Swisshotel is awesome. Very high class. It is expensive , but so is every hotel in Chicago. It is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to Navy Pier, so you will need to pay for the cab. Note to all the Magnificent Mile is boring as can be. I live in Chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the Mile of Navy (BORING) Pier.
truthful ||| negative ||| Swissotel continues to be a *yawn* As previous posters state, punching in your floor is ridiculous. On the other hand, technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators (but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me, why change)? In any case, I want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems... SOOOOO disappointed. Hopefully I don't get bug bitten this time (checked under the sheets). Sadly, due to my company's deal, I think I have to stay here again next year *sigh*...but so far they are batting 1 star.... -------------- Oh boy, it must be my luck...or rather this hotel is just run down. I had to swap room FOUR TIMES. And that's for a Thurs nite-Sunday morning stay. My first room had no hot water so I had to switch rooms. They gave me the key to the 2nd room, which happened to be occupied. Luckily the occupants had their security latch on, so there wasn't any embarrassing moment. My third room was fine for 2 nights but then today (just now) I had to move because of water leakage (above my room and below my room). BOY, talk about an awful hotel (or my just awful luck???? Maybe it's karma since I wrote a bad review last year, and continue to write one...but it's the TRUTH). Oh, also last year may not have been bed bugs. I have checked the room and it looks bug free but I STILL get these itchy patches on my leg. Perhaps it is something in the sheets...or the air/HVAC.... in any case, despite the decent staff, it is a ONE at best (0 for hotel, 1 for the still nice service--since it's not their fault....) All I can say is ...THANK GOODNESS MY COMPANY WON"T HOLD THE CONFERENCE IN CHICAGO NEXT YEAR, or AT LEAST AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!
fake ||| negative ||| While traveling in Chicago I stayed at the Sofitel on Chestnut Street. Though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest; service was severely lacking. I arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn. I reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area. I complained that I had not been informed of the construction and requested another room. My complaint was totally disregarded. I was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available. When I explained that the noise was bothersome I was treated rudely. The woman at the front desk actually ask me if I thought she could make the workers stop. I understand that the staff has no control over the noise. They did however know about the construction. Information I did not have at the time I booked. Information that would have swayed my decision. Then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention. I will not be staying there again.
truthful ||| positive ||| We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb, staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell, at the front desk, is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program, high speed internet is gratis, as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel.
fake ||| positive ||| My wife and I stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it. The atmosphere was very chic & upscale; in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank. My wife even got to bring along her dog (aka #1 man!). I would definitely stay here again & would recommend it to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars,pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully,no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount!
fake ||| negative ||| We decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in Chicago. Won't make that mistake again. The rooms are smaller than they appear on the web (creative photography) and the place is dirty.We've stayed at Best Westerns that are cleaner! The air conditioner is super loud ... and the walls are paper thin. The people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between 1 and 3 a.m., Security failed to stop the ruckus. Also thought the front desk staff was rude. Usually in Hyatts, Hiltons, etc., the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating. These people weren't particularly personable ... we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it. The only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that doesn't make up for the negative experience. Save some money and stay somewhere else!
fake ||| negative ||| Chicago has many wonderful luxury hotels for tourists and business travelers. When visiting the Windy City, however, the Conrad Hotel and Resort is one to avoid. While the description promises clean accommodations, luxury amenities, and "deep soaking tubs," in relity, the rooms fall short of expectations. I opened the door to my suite to find a musty smell in the room similar to that of an old neglected closet. A bit disappointed, I decided to ignore this fact. Hoping to take a nice long soak after my travels, I made my way to the bathroom. While I did find a large, deep bathtub, there was a hard water stain giving it a dingy look. Hardly what I expected for the price I paid for the accommodations. In the corner of the bathroom, I found a reminder of a pevious guest, a clump of blond hair. The maid service seemed to be lacking. Not to be deterred from enjoying my stay, I decided to watch television on the 42 inch flat screen I had been promised. Unfortunately, the battery to the remote control was dead. I called the front desk, at my wits' end, to complain about the issues, but was greeted by a desk clerk with a very sassy attitude who seemed to doubt my every word. Overall, I would definitely not recommend the Conrad Hotel and Resort in Chicago. My room was dirty, the staff was unfriendly, and the ammenities were few and far between. On my next stay in Chicago, I will definitely stay elsewhere.
truthful ||| negative ||| This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro. The previous times, I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro. But my reaction has soured on this place. We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping. From the very start, this year was a disappointment. I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro. I was quoted one price (higher than what was on line), when I mentioned this, I was told I could have the lower price. At check in, the desk was nice but not friendly. We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past (punishment for asking for a lower price?) The closet had no hangers, we had no place to put our suitcase. No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening. On the second day, we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing. It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one. I wrote the management following our stay. I have yet to receive a reply. Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time. I would advise others to do the same.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TV bose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us) Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location... Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Food was very good so it was worth the wait. I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago...
fake ||| positive ||| This will be the only hotel I will never forget in my life. Hotel Monaco Chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice. Whether if it's a King Delux Room or a Tranquility Suite, all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based, so it suits ones personality. Even if you are a super sized person, like me with a height of 6"4', there are special "Tall Rooms" just for you. My days went very fast when I stayed there becuase there was so much to do there. In the mornings I would do yoga from the Yoga Channel. Then I would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper. Before I go to a meeting, I would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service. After I come back from the meeting, I would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines. I just didn't want to leave that hotel; so I decided that the next time I come to Chicago, I will surely stay at Hotel Monaco Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but the lobby is cramped, and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor, and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews.
fake ||| positive ||| Best hotel in an excellent location I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a Business purpose. My 1 year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room. The front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . The room service was also good. The room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . I like the decor of the room. The French restaurant in Sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . I will surely prefer to stay in Sofitel on a next time travel to Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips. I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work (don't worry- he likes when I return with little "souvenirs" for him, too). Aside from the lovely city of Chicago, this hotel was just amazing! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired! The staff was genuine and friendly, all while being professional and prompt. We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room. Too tired to really take it in, we were in bed and asleep in minutes. The beds were quite welcoming! It wasn't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel! It's gorgeous! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated! The lobby somehow didn't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before, but it was just lovely! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant. Sushi is one of my husband's favorites, so he tends to be picky. They passed the test according to him! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well... everything tasted great and was of excellent quality. Of our two night stay there, the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels (I use a lot of towels I suppose). However, a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones. This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay! Overall-- we'd love to go there again! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa... *wink*
fake ||| positive ||| WOW! That is all I can say! My girlfriends and I recently went on a little 'excursion' to Chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel. The rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable, modern style. The beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding I have ever felt on a hotel bed. Our views were just as amazing. We could even see Lake Michigan from our suite. We only dined in the hotel once during our trip, but it was the best time we had. The Aria Restaurant was so elegant yet fun. Very clean and just a great atmosphere. The staff was extremely professional and courteous, going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors. Highly recommended! A must see next time you visit this area.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I decided to stay at the Amalfi while we visited friends in Chicago; we will not stay here again nor would we recommend this 'Luxury' hotel to any of our friends. Amalfi claims that your stay begins with a 'warm greeting,' but we received the exact opposite. The front desk clerk was rude, sighed and rolled her eyes anytime we asked her a question, and became agitated when asked for a pet friendly room. Apparently there was extra work for her since we had to change our reservations and add our dog, who we had to bring at the last minute. The room on the Pet Floor was alright, nothing spectacular, and unfortunately had a slight scent of covered-up dog urine. We proceeded to dinner at Keefer's Restaurant and had to wait an additional 45 minutes past our reservation time. I have my suspicions we were segregated upon because of our casual attire; opposed to the elegant environment that was prominent throughout the restaurant. The next day, I could not get the wireless in the room to work correctly, and had to finish some work at our friend's house. My wife had called for some extra towels and pillows, which took about half an hour to receive. She also ordered breakfast because Breakfast in Bed WAS her favorite- until the eggs that showed up had a long black hair in them. We were set to stay for 3 days, but only managed to stay 2. We will not be staying here again.
fake ||| positive ||| When you enter the lobby at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered. The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can. The check in process is smooth and friendly as I expected. When you enter your room the decor catches your eye. Luxurious yet not stuffy is how I describe it. The restroom tub is large and made of marble. The whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home. I highly recommend The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while.
truthful ||| negative ||| After staying at the Sheraton Royal Orchid Hotel in Bangkok, I was expecting a similar experience at the Chicago Sheraton. I had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met. For the past 3 years I stayed at the Palmer House in the Loop, but thought I'd try a more modern hotel. PROS - location by the Chicago River, two blocks from Michigan Avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes, crepes and french toast CONS - check-in assigned me to a city view room when I had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good, but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive: bathtub-shower combination; worn plumbing fixtures; only 2 sets of towels provided - guest room was small: only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - 7 to 8 block walk to nearest L-station - concierge couldn't explain how to get to the Mercury Theatre, nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get Starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the Link Cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the Link Cafe where boarding passes can be printed
truthful ||| negative ||| First room's heating system sounded like we had a generator in our room. Second room had stool in the toilet and a smear on the linens (which we didn't notice until morning-eeewwhh!). The computer, scale and ink pen didn't work. The maintainance man took 30 mins to come unplug the toilet and dripped to toilet water through bathroom and on carpet. This room was quiet and the bed/pillows comfortable. The bath was large and water warm.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed at the the Conrad Chicago Hotel last winter with my family and I couldn't be happier with are choice. The staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home. I loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city.
fake ||| negative ||| I have no idea why this is considered a four star hotel. The Omni Chicago's age shows, and not in a "great ambiance" way! The rooms are dingy and just plain worn looking. I say rooms because we had to switch our original room as there was a terrible musty odor, almost like mildew, that permeated the first room we were given. Seriously, it brought tears to my eyes! The staff seemed rather indifferent to our dilemma, but finally agreed to switch us to another room. The new one didn't smell, but was clearly past its prime. Housekeeping was almost nonexistent. We had to call them back both days of our trip to empty the trash and for towels. How can you forget to leave towels for the guests? I'm not one to complain, but for the kind of money we spent for a weekend here, we were expecting at least a little luxury and special treatment. We received neither and will not be returning to the Omni Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel. For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite. Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist. Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name, but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn't spell! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me. We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food. It was alright but nothing out of this world. We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere. All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back. I wasn't particularly impressed with their customer service. When we arrived to check in, the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly. She was short with me when I asked her about the city's attractions and things to do. Our room wasn't all that great either. It was rather small and had a weird smell to it. I won't be staying here again.
truthful ||| negative ||| Me, My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004...they said there all spacious suites...yeah right...our room you could barely walk in...and they said theres 2 double beds...yeah well one was a pull out couch...and the bathroom...tiny tiny tiny...and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room...yeah...i wouldnt stay here again
fake ||| negative ||| Staying at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago. Upon entering, there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk. The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming. The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede. I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering, I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was. I could barely see the bartenders face. The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting. After an hour, I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down. The mattress was surprising stiff. The noise was higher than expected as well. Thankfully, it was only a one night stay.
fake ||| negative ||| The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel. However, modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks. Room service is available 24 hours a day, but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service. Two bars are located on the premises, which is appealing at first. Once inside, patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy, of any kind. The guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean, but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine. Obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult. If you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience, with reliable customer service, booking a room here is probably not a viable option.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. We decided to book the "Personally Yours Romance Package" for our stay. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and approachable. The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch. Each night, we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed. The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away.
fake ||| negative ||| The International Chicago Magnificent Mile is shrouded in glamour, but underneath the facade fades away. The "classical architectural landmark" should be translated to "old and boring. I found this hotel via Google and have regretted it ever since. Room size was small and unaccommodating, and that was one of the newer rooms! Everything was free except for the gym (why that wouldn't be free with the price I paid I don't know). This hotel is overpriced for the quality and size of the room that you get, and I would not recommend staying there.
fake ||| negative ||| If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile, the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option. First of all, the "central" location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier (which this hotel claims to be the "official" hotel of) and to the shops on the Mile. Secondly, the hotel is small - only 215 rooms, most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area. Thirdly, they have one restaurant and one lounge, both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel. Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel. One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia!
truthful ||| negative ||| Complete disappointment. Problems: 1. The alarm clock/stereo thing was broken in my room. It was constantly emitting low, changing hissing noises. Sooo annoying. And there was no off switch on the damn thing. I had to move the bed to unplug it (the outlet was wayyy back, buried behind the big bed). I kept hearing it, and didn't realize what it was, until it had kept me awake for a few hours. 2. The shower was ONLY incredibly hot. Turn it all the way cold...very hot. Turn it to hot, and you get boiling hot. Grrrrreat. So how do I get water that won't scald me? This is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry, and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water. Good job Omni! 3. Hallway carpets are disgusting and old. Walking around, you'd think you're in a motel 6. And my floor had been flooded or something, and they had box fans running in the hallway, 24/7, to try to dry it out. Talk about an overpriced dump.
fake ||| positive ||| When my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed. Mostly because he insisted I come along. He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend, with this wonderful hotel. His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008. She loved it..and so did I! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend, but the decor, wonderful staff and massages made up for it! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn't have asked for a better experience! I am definately coming along on the next business trip!
truthful ||| negative ||| The air-condition has a noisy fan/compressor in each room. It starts every 3 to 5 min and the noise will wake you up. At least the first night. This is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced. The postal service at the hotel is non-working. The hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by UPS. The tickets were at the Hotel General Managers office. The reception denied that they had arrived. We had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it. The Hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience. The concert was the reason for our travel to Chicago. Else, the Hotel had good standard, free internet in the lobby, not to good view from the rooms, and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars. We had booked 20 room-nights all together staying at room 612, 425 and 431 from the 23rd June.
truthful ||| negative ||| My family and I stayed at the Hyatt on Wacker Dr. on March 27, 2012. We were excited about the great price we got for your 4-star hotel through priceline. Unfortunately, we were not impressed. In the past, we have stayed at the Hyatt in downtown San Diego for spring break on the Marina, but chose to stay closer to home this year. The room was not clean to our standards when we arrived, even though we paid for an upgrade. We asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after. Upon our return, nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so I can only assume, it wasn't even checked as promised. We only had 3 towels for the 4 of us and had to call for more. They were promptly delivered but room service took 40 + minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice! The curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming, the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it, the honor bar/fridge was gouged and dirty, too! The mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all....There were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well. Very disappointing to say the least. I have buyer's remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds! We were compensated for our upgrade - $20.00 but given the price of parking, taxes, and etc. at this point I wouldn't recommend this Hyatt to anyone. My husband travels and uses his Hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your 4-star hotel. I felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility.
fake ||| negative ||| I expected a bit more from the Hyatt Regency Chicago I stayed at recently. I was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in. The linens were not clean, the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left, and there was a lock on the door that didn't function. The turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and I think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper, again with out leaving a spare. I would not stay there again. Traveler beware!!
fake ||| negative ||| This hotel was very poor with customer service. They were so worried about keeping everything up to date and perfect looking in the hotel they rarely worried about their customers, and their guests. I had to ask for my room to be serviced for cleaning, and it took a long time to get a response. Very disappointed.
fake ||| positive ||| This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had an amazing view of the city, especially at night. Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds. There was a desk and chair, large bathroom, comfortable chair and reading lamp. There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker, that included Starbucks coffee. We would definitely come back again!
fake ||| negative ||| While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience, they fail to deliver. Unless of course, a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door. If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed. The "A" list celebrities will not be there. In fact, it would be rare to find anyone on the "B" list either. The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert. The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar. The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played. As for the promise of Art Deco, it must have changed in definition. Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held. The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer. The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description. Quality service and amenities were severely lacking. Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain. Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either. It is part of you unique experience. The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago. It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip.
truthful ||| positive ||| My boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Conrad Chicago for our anniversary. The second we walked in, we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room. White luxurous bedding on the King bed, plasma t.v./ subroofer/ surround sound speakers (my boyfriend was more impressed than me, as I reminded him that we didn't come to Chicago for the hotel room) very large bathroom w/ tub and separate stand-in shower, granite countertops, his/ her robes and slippers. The view wasn't great, but we were on the 6th floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us. Not a large room by any means, but again . . . we didn't go to the city for the hotel room. It was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room. We got a great rate on it ($140 at hotels.com) but I think the going rate is usually closer to mid $200's. I've stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one. We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city.
fake ||| positive ||| Recently, I traveled to Chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The whole experience was wonderful! The room was spacious and beautiful, and the bed was so comfortable that I had no problem falling asleep, as I normally do at other hotels. The staff were polite and courteous, and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant, I went to my conference with a smile on my face.
truthful ||| negative ||| Under the gloss of a nice building, friendly staff, and a wild set of items in the minibar, this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular, the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights, my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room, but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor, trying to unkink my back, thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.
fake ||| positive ||| Recently I traveled to Chicago for business. I was treated to a stay at the InterContinental Chicago by my employer. It truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you. I was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help. I checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room. My room was dripping with taste. The stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered. With a mini-bar, large flat-screen television, and an entire home office setup, I barely had to leave the room. Why would I want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city. What an amazing experience I had and I will gladly come back.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago while I was on holiday recently and I have to say, that you definitely get what you pay for! I was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised. I was sorely mistaken. The first problem I had was when I got there they told me that they had double booked the suite I had reserved. They gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room. I should have left then but I decided to keep an open mind. After we were all settled in my husband and I went to The Palm restaurant. My husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times. Each time we asked them to fix it, they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff. After dinner, we went back to our room. Just sitting on the bed I knew it would be a long night. The mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them. When I went to the restroom, the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons! My husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one. We just didn't want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in. I tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional. He pressed really had and hurt my back. Perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session! For lunch we tried Geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way. I decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later! Once I got sick, I was done. I went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because I was not going to sleep there one more night. I made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable. After a lot of arguing, he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel. This was the worst place I had ever stayed! I think a Super 8 Motel would have been more luxurious!
truthful ||| negative ||| I unfortunately stayed for 3 nights at the Knickerbocker Hotel ...I should have checked out on day 1. The bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling...I pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets...bed bugs! Which I might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there (fortunately I took photos to the contrary) Finding the bed bugs...I looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both...I was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment.
truthful ||| negative ||| As a frequent traveler to Chicago, I generally stay at the Sutton Court, but thought I would try a different boutique hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet, leaving me absolutely claustrophobic! Actually the smallest hotel room I've been in in the U.S! I complained to the front desk, who then moved me to a "premium" room -- still quite small, but manageably so. The bathroom was tiny, without a vanity, making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room. The location leaves much to be desired, as my room looked out directly onto the El (elevated subway - background noise), and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening. I will say that the free wi-fi was great. If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene, I'd highly recommend you take that. If you want a nice room in a great location, check out Sutton Place hotel instead.
fake ||| positive ||| I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first. However when I arrived there was amazed at the location! It is near so many shopping places, museums, theatre, and many others places. Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long, however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay. Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people. One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel. All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room, good service, and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby, will be heading back to this hotel many times.
fake ||| positive ||| My fiance and I had taken a trip to Chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to Downtown, so he chose the Amalfi Hotel, located conveniently to everything we needed. This place was phenomenal!!! He chose a romantic getaway package, as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever. The hotel is super clean and very chic; the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb. We were able to bring along our dog, which was also really important to us. The first day we were there, we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple's massage. The masseuses come straight to your room so it's really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great. After our massages, we went to the Keefer Steakhouse, which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic. They do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the Rocket grill, which was nice as well. In all, our 3 nights there were pretty similar, we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there; I've recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the Windy City.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Palmer House for @ $150/night on a corporate rate. The bed was excellent, the linens/towels were top of the line. I did not find my room shabby, as other reviewers noted. The Palmer House is over 130 years old. Rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture; I think that lends to the ambience of the place. It is expensive, and I'm not sure I'd stay there if my company weren't picking up the tab. But the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring.
truthful ||| negative ||| First, several day s prior to my stay, I called and spoke at length with the concierge and made a breakfast order for room-service Saturday and Sunday. Saturday they didn't bring breakfast - and when I called room-service they stated they never got the advance order from the concierge. When they finally did bring it - they brought the wrong thing.. and then brought the wrong order again on Sunday. I was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when we ordered room service Saturday night. The food was limp and uninspired. Further, I ordered soup - which arrived without a spoon. When I called in-room dining to request a spoon, I was told one would be forthcoming. 15 minutes later, a waiter arrived with a menu. When I explained I already had food and I didn't need a menu - I needed a spoon, he had the audacity to argue with me. I respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so. Another 15 minutes (and one bowl of cold soup) later I decided to call in-room dining back to request (again) they send someone with a spoon. They too argued with me and expressed that they'd already sent someone with a spoon. I explained that they had not - that I had received a menu I didn't request, but that no spoon was forthcoming. Another 15 minutes later, a spoon finally arrived. Thanks - for charging me $100+ so that I could argue over cold, flavorless food. In addition to the gross customer service, surly attitude, and sorry food, I found the room woefully lacking. It reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on Saturday night I woke up from the smell. Further, I had specifically requested when I booked the reservation that you keep me away from the elevators... I was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went.
fake ||| negative ||| Although the InterContinental Chicago Hotel is located on "The Magnificent Mile," our entire experience as guests there was anything but ....believe me, the "magnificence" ends at the hotel entrance! From check-in to check-out, our impressions ranged from lackluster to horrific. First, there was an error with our reservation, and once we got to our room, we found that neither our phone nor our internet connection worked, so down I trudged to the registration desk--where I had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes--to ask for help. The first night we spent was nearly totally sleepless due to TV noise coming from the next room; we weren't sure whether it was due to excessively inconsiderate neighbors or thin walls. Then, dog tired the next morning--even though we had hung a "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door handle--in barged the maid all bright-eyed and bushy tailed with scrubber in hand. Following that rude awakening, I was jarred again by a blood-curdling shriek from my wife, who, upon entering the bathroom to take her shower, was greeted by an incredibly large roach! Breakfast--actually all meals of which we partook at the hotel--were served cold and were somewhat tasteless. We were routinely ignored by the concierge, who always seems to be on a personal call whenever we needed him. Trying to leave the hotel was equally as difficult as checking in. Of course, there was a gross error in our bill which caused us to be delayed in our effort to depart. Getting out of the InterContinental Chicago was, believe me, the best part of our experience as guests there.
fake ||| positive ||| If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less, I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel. Unbeatable elegance, fine dining, and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of. Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest. If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating, The Sofitel would surely have it. My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort. Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago, one would hardly want to leave. Fine dining, dancing, and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting, or social event in town. The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave.
fake ||| negative ||| For 250 dollars, cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, you would assume you would have access to wifi. Yet, that was not the case. I was told I "could have had" internet if I had booked through the site, which I didnt. The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.
fake ||| positive ||| I think the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a upscale place.I had my wedding there and it was the best of the best.The staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success. The chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts.They also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake.The tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect.The bar was also set up the way I wanted it and even had a champagne fountain. My guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered.The rooms were like suites with a mini bar.They had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom. If you are looking to have a wedding in the Chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed!
fake ||| negative ||| As a former Chicagoan, I'm appalled at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago. First of all, I was expecting luxury and hospitality, neither of which I received. There's an Experience Designer who is supposed to be like a "personal concierge," but my experience with my ED was terrible. I felt like he was trying to pressure me into staying more days than I wanted to. Not only that, but I couldn't understand what he was saying most of the time because he was talking so fast. When I finally got to my room, I was disappointed with the quality of the furniture and the room's cleanliness. I had to ask for a maid to come and give me clean towels because some of the towels in the bathroom were damp. On top of that, the bed was messily done; I could have done a better job on my own bed at home. I was angry at this point, because I was paying a lot of money for every night I was staying at Amalfi, and I didn't expect to be greeted with wet towels. I needed to use the Wi-Fi to download some important documents, and the internet was surprisingly slow. Even a very basic hotel or motel could have offered better, maybe even faster internet access. When I finally checked out of the Amalfi, I made sure that my supposed personal concierge knew all of the problems I'd had with my room and the hotel. I was glad to see the Amalfi getting smaller in the mirror as I drove away!
fake ||| positive ||| I would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it!
truthful ||| positive ||| The Sheraton is a fantastic hotel. My wife and I stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The view was great. We got a corner room that also had a couch in. The hotel was just a short walk to the Navy Pier and the Magnificant Mile Shopping area. Food at the hotel was great. Service from checking in to maid service was first class. Great Hotel, Great Town, Highly recommend it.
fake ||| negative ||| When you stay at a hotel like The James, just from their price point, you expect a certain level of quality. If I pay well over 500 dollars for a room, I do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room, but also a certain level of standard of service. Perhaps this hotel should rename itself The Lebron James, because it has about as much class as he does, and is about twice as pretentious. A handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service I received at The Lebron James. My night of hell began with the clerk, bellboy, or whatever he was, at the front desk, who faked what I assume was intended to be a British accent, but ended up as an unholy melding of Australian and New Englander. A British accent does not make you fancy, or skilled. Once I made my way past Mr. Belvedere and to my room, I was disappointed, not only by its size, which was unusually small, but also a faint scent of cigarettes. Not a strong one, but I could definitely smell smoke. Not acceptable. Then, while I was sleeping, a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls. It sounded technical, mechanical, like an air conditiner malfunctioning. Despite many reassurances from the front desk, the throbbing continued on throughout the night. I demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately, but from what I could tell, he never came.
truthful ||| negative ||| i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault, and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful, the rooms are new and nice, but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!
fake ||| positive ||| The magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit, and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away, and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay, all the way down to choosing your own pillow! Very impressed overall!
truthful ||| negative ||| I called the reservations line to book a room at the beginning of December 2012 for a rate with a local corporation. When I first made the reservation I did not get an e-mail confirmation. I had to call again to get the e-mail and then saw that I was booked in a handicapped accessible room which i did not need as there was me, my wife and three year old. I called the reservation line and asked for a regular room which they said was impossible at the rate I was at, however for ten dollars more I can upgrade to a regular room. I then asked what if a disabled person needs the room and he said he could not help me. i told them to cancel the room. based on the reservation experience, I did not want to run into anymore trouble at this hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I were very much looking forward to our stay at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago. We had been looking forward to a romantic getaway. I have to say Hotel Allegro was a disappointment for both of us. This is a pet friendly hotel - we knew that going in. But we were shocked by the fact that we found pet hair around the room we were given. In the carpet and even an amount on the bed cover. Very shocking for the price we were paying. When we called the front desk it took over an hour for someone from housekeeping to stop by. Past this - the room itself - it has flair I guess, but I can't imagine it is the right flair for many. The colorings used a bright blue on the bed and a muted yellow, designy wallpaper. Neither myself or my wife found it relaxing at all. I can't imagine many would. It really was off-putting. Overall, the experience was a check minus in my book. Will not be looking to return any time soon.
fake ||| negative ||| The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel has seen better days. I had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel. I booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced, not so great property. I had to look at five suites before I found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking, some of the other rooms carpet was not clean, the refrigerator was dripping water, and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts. I finally settled for a room, only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was I should have turned around and walked out. I sent a letter to the management when I returned home, but it had been a month and I never received an answer. There are plenty of other places to spend your money. Don't leave it at this hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| Be prepared the hotel is old. It is on the historic list. The is updating to be done no doubt.. So just be forewarned. It is clean and the staff is phenomenal. Having said that, you can not beat the location. Right in the heart of the Gold coast. Take a train from O'hare right into the city. It drops you off only 4 blocks from the hotel. One block from the beach and public transportation is right there. Incredible area to explore. I highly recommend the Ambassador East
fake ||| positive ||| This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner.
truthful ||| positive ||| our stay was absolutely perfect. its a cool hotel to look at, the design and feel is very trendy and hip. all the staff are terrific, especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude. our room was on the top floor, with great views. super comfy bed, and neat bathroom. fantastic, choose this with no hesitation!
truthful ||| negative ||| The hotel is excellently situated for visiting The Art Institute or Millennium Park. It is an "old classic" of a hotel, and the main lobby is a must see, but I would not stay there again. The problem with any hotel dating from long ago (the current one was built in 1923-25) is that, even with extensive remodeling (which was done in 2007-2009) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today (in many cases the walls are load bearing so cannot be changed too much). We had a reasonably sized room (king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries. Also, there was no coffee machine in the room - something I have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days. My major complaint about this stay was the Executive Lounge. It is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d'oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price. (Since we are currently at the diamond level in the Hilton Honors program, we get access for free at the Hiltons but I usually upgrade at other chains such as the Hyatt.) At the Palmer Executive Lounge I ordered a couple of glasses of wine (there was a bartender on duty) and was slightly surprised by the cost - $9/glass which came to $21.44 for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine. It was about the worst wine I had tasted in many years. I didn't think it was even as good as Trader Joe's cheapest $2.99 wine that I tried a couple of weeks ago. Unfortunately I didn't get a look at the bottle to see what it was (although I did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard). I noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and I can understand iot at the prices they were charging. It then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time. I checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar. The cabernet was a William Hill at $10.50/glass from room service. I presume that what I had had at some time been a William Hill that had been left to turn to vinegar. It was slightly more expensive from room service, but I hope that it was in a lot better condition.
fake ||| positive ||| This fantastic hotel has it all: luxury, an excellent location and a fun atmosphere. The rooms are spacious and well decorated, and the staff is always helpful and courteous. Whether you're traveling for business or fun, I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. I stayed there with my wife recently, we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun. The Hard Rock certainly delivered what we were looking for. The hotel is in a central location, within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city, however, there's superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for, so there's barely a need to leave to hotel! (well, we DID leave the hotel to see the sights, but you know what I mean). My wife and I particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities, including a relaxing massage. This hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way, and we'll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the Windy City.
fake ||| positive ||| Amalfi Hotel Chicago is just minutes from Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, the Chicago Opera Theater, The House of Blues, and the hottest night clubs. At $200.00 per night, you can expect the very best from your staff, and your accomodations. When I arrived for my weekend stay, I was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art, and eclectic style. After reaching my room, I was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows. I didn't choose to use the spa this trip, but when I come back, it will be the first item on my list! The business office was great, because I had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour. Breakfast was delicious. I have already told a friend from Naperville that the next time I'm in town, she'll have to stay at Amalfi with me, instead of commuting. She really missed out! -Atlanta Girl-
fake ||| negative ||| We booked a room at the Hilton Chicago for two nights to stay the weekend, but upon arrival our reservation could not be found. I even provided the hotel with our confirmation number, but it still wasn't available! Fortunately, another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us. Once we settled into our room for the night (after a long flight), there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom. Apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival. Needless to say, with both of these poor experiences in just one night, I will be hesitant to EVER stay in this hotel again, let alone any other Hilton around. Please consider someplace else before the Hilton Chicago!
truthful ||| negative ||| I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
fake ||| positive ||| After searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel, that this was the hotel for me. After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered, I booked my reservations right away. When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept. I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes. I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants. I took the elevator up to my room, and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable. After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast, courteous service I received. After my cocktail hour, I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven. I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time. I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did, and I can't wait to return. Ashley B.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Swissotel for a business trip the first week of Aug 2007. I arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night. However, this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the 28th floor. EXCELLENT view of the city, river and Lake Michigan. In fact, I would say the corner room of the Swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity. The room was huge, and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice. The hotel is very convieniently located to the Magnificient Mile and Millenium Park. Would very much recommend this hotel, and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor.
truthful ||| negative ||| We booked our hotel stay thru Yahoo and requested a room for 4 with 2 beds. When we got to the hotel, not only did they not have a room for us (we pre-paid!), but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online, they could only give us what was available. The hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after I got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us. If you book online - beware! You may not get what you paid for. They did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room.
fake ||| negative ||| This hotel is dizzying with all of the bold colors and patterns everywhere. It smells because pets are allowed. This hotel is also extremely dirty because of the pets allowed. There was mold in our room and bathroom, pet hair everywhere! Kids love pools. How can they claim to be kid friendly without one? My kid was bored. The food was basically the same every day, no variation in the menu. Pictures on their website of the rooms must be reserved for their "travel club" because our room didn't even remotely resemble the pictures. They did the old bait and switch. We reserved a "family room". When we opened the door of our room, we realized that it wasn't what the website pictured or had what the website described. We kept our mouths shut for fear of retaliation by the hotel workers. Definitely do not recommend this hotel!!!
truthful ||| negative ||| My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
truthful ||| negative ||| Let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent, clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling, there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room, the internet service was extremely slow, the toilet ran throughout the night, and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know, we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent, we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.
fake ||| positive ||| I just got back from the Monaco in Chicago! I was very pleasantly surprised, as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway, and he usually picks bad places-haha. Anyway, the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated. It was busy and the line was a little long, but it moved quickly. The lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good, especially since it seemed to be near full. The room was clean and spacious (especially considering it's a city hotel). We made a lot of use of the concierge, since again, it was so last minute we didn't really make any plans. He gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for Chicago pizza yummy! It was also great being near the theater district, and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare. I thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room! very trendy. My husband is not as easily impressed, but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon. Overall, really nice stay in a four star, or probably four and half star hotel!
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of Chicago. It is ideal for the corporate executive. Not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean. The dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience. While dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city, which is picturesque especially at night, when the city lights come on. The rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area. I would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive!
fake ||| negative ||| I have to agree that the InterContinental Chicago is a nice hotel from the outside. But it is not a nice place to stay if you are planning to visit Chicago. The ambience of the hotel looks bland and they also have the same amenities as other cheaper hotels. You can get an excellent dining experience somewhere for less.
fake ||| positive ||| I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay. When I first walked into the room it was very clean. The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant. Room service was very good. The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there.
fake ||| negative ||| I went to stay in the Millenium Hotel Chicago. Now, first, being from rural midwest I was surprised at the price in general, but kind of accepted it when I was assured by my cousin(whom I was visiting in Chicago) said it was normal. So I check in, service seems fine. I get checked in, room seems ok. A couple of hours later, a lady comes into my room, not a hotel employee, just some lady. Turns out, they cross checked the rooms. We(her and I) went down and complained. Turns out they double booked the room, not that they were full, but they were full on THAT room type, Standard, as well as the Superior Rooms. Rather than simply upgrade one of us for the mistake they asked which one of us would like to "move up". We argued with them for 20 minutes, they didn't budge, our only option was for one of us to fork over an extra $60 for a Corner Superior. We(the lady, her name was Sharon) decided to split the difference some, she gave me $20 and I moved. I get to the new room about 20 minutes later, nobody, but Sharon helped me move. I get there, the bed was thrown together, not made, and the bathroom wasn't clean, the garbage had a kleenex in it(I wasn't going to check if it was used). I called down, it was now 5PM. No answer, I called for 10 minutes and finally got a hold of someone. I told them about the state of my room. They said they would have someone up "right away". I waited 30 minutes and a lady comes in, not in uniform, but she did a hell of a job cleaning. She switched out the garbage, wiped out the whole bathroom, vaccuumed around me, and switched out the bedding, all told she was in and out in 10 minutes. She didn't say two words to me, but she did clean. I stayed the night and checked out a 7AM and will never go back. Ryan from Iowa
truthful ||| negative ||| Will not stay here again. We were here pre-construction so didn't have the noise problems that others are now experiencing. But room and service quality were so poor that we will not return. Our suite was large enough, but it was dirty, dated and worn. The bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly. Public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days, disgusting. We (politely) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed. We had paid for the King Tut Package, which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit. They had no record of this and didn't honor it. Of course, the exhibit was sold out, so our main reason for visiting Chicago was ruined as we weren't able to see this part of the Field museum. My (also polite) letter to Hilton and the manager was never acknowledged. Very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding Hilton in general when possible.
truthful ||| positive ||| This is a great hotel! The views are fabulous, the service it friendly and the location is superb. We booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the Chicago River. The only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped. We booked our room for $89 a night for Memorial Day weekend. It was a steal! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning!
fake ||| positive ||| The Hilton in Chicago was awesome. The room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional. One of the features I liked, was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless, considering my laptop is not wireless, it help me out alot. Food was very good, quality was great. There was also a flat screen in my room...awesome. The hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning. I also enjoyed the gym very much. Overall, I enjoyed myself, and I will stay again at the Hilton when I return to Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| We booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night. We walked over to the Talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay. The room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom. The tub is large and the shower a pleasure. The location was quiet as requested. The staff was always cheerful and very helpful. Tim and Stephanie provide excellent concierge services! The breakfast at the Basil Cafe is a great way to start the day. We travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel. I would highly recommend the Talbott for your stay.
fake ||| positive ||| I enjoyed a pleasant 2 night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, Il. The hotel was beautiful, inside and out. I felt as if I was a celebrity staying there. The staff was especially kind and very professional. My husband and I have never felt more comfortable. I was very pleased that they had transportation for us, since we flew in to Chicago for our anniversary. The Shedd Aquarium package was an excellent bonus. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone that's going to be visiting Chicago!
fake ||| positive ||| Beautiful hotel in chicago. I visited this hotel on my honeymoon with my wife. They are pet friendly and even provide in room spa services. I would recommend hotel monaco if you are looking to stay in a luxury hotel in chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff, the room, and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course, there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat, but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel, so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great, with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others.
fake ||| negative ||| The Conrad Chicago hotel had some of the worst service I have ever dealt with. I got the Executive Room with a king size bed. When I got in, the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud. I called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me. They have a pillow menu which I tried to select from but they were out of over half of them. The Ipod dock was not working either. Also, the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm. This hotel is the worst in Chicago and I would never recommend going there!
fake ||| positive ||| Excellent hotel in the heart of Chicago. The room we stayed in had a great view of Lake Michigan. We went in July for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel. Most major attractions are in around the Loop area. We also got a great deal on the price. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure.
truthful ||| positive ||| Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful, arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. Although I visit this fun city quite often, I was somewhat disappointed with the service and noise in a hotel that is called "luxury boutique". To begin with, our "Experience Designer" was somewhat put-offish and cool. She did not really have a grasp of all the wonderful things to do in Chicago. Although she did look up some attractions, it seems like she may have recently arrived from LA. As far as the room, it was indeed luxury and had nice lighting and decoration. However, the noise from the adjoining room was unbelievable and kept us up all night. Most likely, the walls are very thin, and construction is not the greatest. Who wants to hear the neighbors, especially when they are honeymooners or whatever! So we probably will not stay there again. The location is great, the cocktails fine, the luxury is there, but other than that, it is the pits. Weary Traveler, San Francisco
fake ||| negative ||| My experience as Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was horrible. Me and my wife were on a road trip from New York and stopped had reservations for Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. We arrived at 12:00 AM and they did not have a non-smoking room available for which we booked! My wife was pregnant at the time and the reception staff had no sympathy. My wife couldn't handle the smell of the room so I asked for a refund to go stay somewhere else. They refused and were very rude and unhelpful. We had to stay the night, and the first thing next morning we did was leave and look for a different hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again.
truthful ||| negative ||| at check in, the girl gave us a smoking room. we asked for nonsmoking. i had to get another room. it was by the elevators. loud! really loud!. the new room didn't have a shower door. so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet. the public transportation is amazing. you don't need a car in chicago. you can get anywhere by train or bus. it's fast too. Area recommendations chicago is great! good shopping, good food (ginos east!!!) and great bars. the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i've ever seen!
fake ||| positive ||| The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago has it all: location, comfort, and rockability! We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently and found it to be amazing! The location was perfect as it is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, and Lake Michigan. It was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums, Shedd Aquarium or the Museum of Science and Industry! The food, although it was pricey, was great! There is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin', and if you have pets, they get the ROYAL treatment, complete with gifts! I would highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel of Chicago!
fake ||| negative ||| The Intercontinental Chicago was not as great an experience as I was expecting it to be. When I first arrived the front desk staff could not find my reservation in the system. They then tried to make me book a higher paying room. I ended up having to ask for the manager, who conveniently was able to locate a room for me with the same rate. I was expecting top notch service and class but apparently those services are reserved for the elite. I was not doted on as I should have been and found that I had long wait times when I placed an order with room service or needed the concierge. For the price I was paying to stay there I would have thought there would have been more of a catered and personal touch to the service.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I loved this hotel. The staff were friendly, the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price, and we got an extra (free) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it. Highly recommended!
truthful ||| positive ||| We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business, but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting. The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay, but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby, we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa, coffee table, desk, mini-bar with sink and coffee maker, and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room, but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room, and once again, possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious, and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs), are peppered throughout. We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant, Aria, couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely. Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit, but seriously, these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also, the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above, the front desk experience could be improved. Best feature: After our first stay, I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay, I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay, but still received a warm, friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously, and for that, they've won my loyalty.
truthful ||| negative ||| Will start by saying the employees were wonderful, especially in the restaurant / bar employees, could not have been nicer.....what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond....Unfortunately, that's where it ends! The rooms, in my opinion, appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty...you know, uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area... the first room I was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window!!I kid you not; they seemed as if they were about 15-20 ft from my window!! And this was after I specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view..I was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly, again... just worn out!!!NOT a 4 star hotel, this seemed to be closer to a 2, perhaps being extremely kind 3 star...I travel on business so I know the difference...I merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand! I complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit, she made sure the door was fixed ASAP. They gave me a bottle of wine to compensate..which I utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next 2 days....I wanted to give Omni a shot...big mistake... Unfortunately, brought a friend with me to show her how great Chicago was and I was soooo embarrassed, as I had chosen the hotel...She was extremely disappointed as well...should have gone with my first instinct which was the Conrad!! Lesson learned!
fake ||| positive ||| Hotel Monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of Chicago. It is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities. I had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility. Perfectly set up to handle any business traveler, sight seer, convention, wedding or shopper. They offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant. I noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages. Guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable. In room spa's and top notch room service is second to none. The South Water Kitchen is a true downtown Chicago restaurant offering mid-west American dishes and several signature cocktails. I know that anytime I visit Chicago, Hotel Monaco is my place to be.
truthful ||| positive ||| I just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat! The hotel website offers a great rate, and what I found was affordable luxury. I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view, in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom, terrycloth robes and slippers, turndown service, Roger Gallet toiletries, a fluffy down conforter, and a wonderful pillowtop bed. The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled. The service was impeccable as well. Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants, brioches, & pain au chocolat. The decor was unique & the location convenient. Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby. This is a topnotch hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay (i.e. nightmare) at the Palmer House Hilton. I arrived 3 days before the National Restaurant Association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business. When I arrived I was greeted or really snarled at by the Clerk. This lady (if one can really call this beast that) was aggressive and rude from the get go. She made a snide comment on the number of bags I had and it was downhill from there. My guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that I had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation. I informed "Brenda" that I had never cancelled my reservation. We had originally booked 2 rooms (one for me and one for colleague) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later. She huffed and puffed and finally said, oh okay, I read it wrong but we don't have a room for you. My room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day. As a Hilton Honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain, I was furious. She said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked. She left the front desk and was gone for almost 20 minutes, coming back with a smirk on her face. She informed me that I had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory 100%. The first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the Chicago downtown, closer to the airport or that I could go with another room they had, a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in 3 or 4 days. I was outraged. No, I'm sorry and certainly the options were horrible. I ended up taking the smoking room where I barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells. Additionally, there was no upgrade at all during my stay there. I was not offered anything to make up for my troubles, their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call. The net outcome: I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I'm thinking of shredding my Hilton Honors card. Don't make the mistake of dealing with this property. You will be very, very sorry. Thanks for reading all this. Hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| After some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June. This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time. We loved our rooms, which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed. The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot. The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable. The hotel location is just perfect, close to the shops on Michagan Avenue, and the beach at Oak Street. Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away. The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet. We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The hotel staff very helpful, always smiling and ready to help; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage. I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I'm in Chicago; in fact I look forward to my next visit.
truthful ||| positive ||| Room: I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;)) 42" LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me. Location Located quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD). Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use. - Restuarant (not used) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception) I do travel frquently, and do recommend this hotel for a business stay, as also for an overnight with friends going shopping, partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel.
fake ||| positive ||| We had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel. We found it conveniently located on E. Superior Street, near many local attractions. The rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel. The pillow menu was awesome, my partner and I have such different preferences, the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home. The hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect! I couldn't believe the amenities available to guests. My Beagle, Betsy enjoyed her stay at the "Jet Set Pet" care center. She was pampered as much as I was. It was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership! Another feature I personally enjoyed was the Walking Tour Kit. It included an iPod Shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist, a deck of cards; guidebook that included walking tours, and comfort items like a towel and map! I felt like I was the most important guest (surely, everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms). Highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an Affinia Hotel!!
fake ||| positive ||| My visit to the Conrad Chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none. The lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style. The rooms are beautifully adorned. I especially like the flat screen TV and wired internet. I'm never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast, reliable internet connectivity, and it's included at no additional charge. The view from the room was magnificent...downtown Chicago at night! The Restaurant is spectacular but the Terrace is the place to be when weather permits. You cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods. Don't forget to visit the Health and Fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment. The staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need. Just ask! This is the place to stay in Chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury!
truthful ||| negative ||| Beautiful historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business, was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite, they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom, lamp fixtures literally falling off wall, mirror torn off wall, etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer, but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors, so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff, was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm, no. This is not an old building problem, this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down, stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm, sans hassle.
truthful ||| positive ||| We loved this hotel and would definitely come back. Initially we weren't given a goldfish, which was disappointing, but then we left a tip for the housekeeper, and she rewarded us with one. We had fun sipping wine and playing Wii in the lobby every afternoon. The staff were quite friendly and helpful, even printing our boarding passes for us. Our room was very comfortable, with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper. At first we were worried about noise, since our room was next to the elevator, but we hardly heard it, and didn't notice any street noise either. The hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated, well-lit, and ideally located.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in Chicago for 3 nights. I must say, I was NOT impressed. This is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill. To start with, the hotel lobby was totally gaudy. It had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and I guess was supposed to give an air of style. The room was ok I suppose, but certainly not worth the premium price I paid for it. The hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing French cuisine, but the food, while arranged nicely, tasted unremarkable and again, was overpriced. My final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible. It is simply not worth it.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed here for one night, and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest. We found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - @ $200 for the night. We felt when we checked in that if you weren't with the conference, then why were we staying in the hotel. The guy at the main door didn't even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby, we then had to que for 15-20 minutes just to check in. We were not given any information about the hotel and when I rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that I could access the Internet through, I was just short of being asked why didn't I bring my lap-top with me so I could use the Internet access in the room.... !! I found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist.
truthful ||| positive ||| I actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price! It was a lovely hotel, beautifully appointed, walking distance from the places we wanted to go. We would highly recommend the Fairmont.
truthful ||| positive ||| Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland, as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them, remember clients clearly from one day to the other, and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting: mmmhh...we got the "I love chocolate package" which advertized: bfast every day, dinner once, snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership, which also advertized " a gift". So, no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry, "the snack was the gift". Not at all what the package suggested. That said, bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem. Would absolutely go back, but probably not on a special package.
truthful ||| positive ||| This was a weekend trip for my friends and I. We booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way. Our rooms were right next to one another as requested. As it was almost everyone's first time to Chicago, we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel. And, our choice was next to perfect. I had an amazing time during my first visit to Chicago and it was largely due to this hotel. The customer service was AMAZING. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. One of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a 5 star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at 2 pm, and delicious. My friend suggested they had a full-staff at 3 am because the food came up quickly too. In another of our rooms, housekeeping had accidentally discarded a CD when replacing the CD player with an iPod dock. The concierge had the exact CD purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store. Our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic! Everything was freshly made in their kitchen too. An added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall. Therefore, you don't need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes, a coffee, or a some other type of trinket. I was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation.
fake ||| positive ||| The location of this hotel was superb! Our room was spacious and the view was spectacular. The staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect. One of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter. We will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same.
truthful ||| positive ||| This a great property, excellent location and wonderful staff. Everyone was very accommodating and polite. The room I had was on the 23rd floor and was like a suite, with a living area and a bedroom. The living room was spacious, with a plasma TV, a desk and a couch. The beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality. In the closed they placed an umbrella, which came in handy, it rained the whole time I was in Chicago. The internet connection is $9.95/24hrs. Great place, I will return for sure.
fake ||| positive ||| The rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected, and that was my reason for booking a room. I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past, and I was quite pleased when I did stay. The room was neat and clean, and the halls were quiet at night. The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either. I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely, which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy, especially at night. Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time.
fake ||| negative ||| I needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one. First of all the prices for one night are extremely high. The workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities. Then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep. Also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting. The beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all. Overall i am very disappointed with this hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| My fiance and I traveled to Chicago for the first time this December and we were not happy with this hotel. The friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys. They greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay. The rest of the staff however was terrible. When we first checked in, I was instantly discouraged. The front desk person was not in a good mood and I couldn't wait to leave the lobby. Having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing. We asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations. We felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff. At one point, the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her, as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well. Even though she saw us standing there, after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first. Yes, we are in our mid 20's, but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible. For how much money we paid for each night, I would have rather stayed somewhere else. We decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews, but we did not experience any of this during our stay. The rooms were alright, but nothing special. I would not stay in this hotel again.
truthful ||| positive ||| After reading some of the most recent reviews I'm really perplexed. I didn't know what to expect, but I was most pleasantly surprised. Just as all the past reviews, both negative and positive, have stated, you can't beat the location of this hotel. It's perfect. We had a big spacious room in the old tower. We avoided the expensive pitfalls of the hotel extras such as bottled water and items in the room fridge. The beds were great, the rooms were kept clean and the staff was very friendly. Great martinis in the hotel bar. I really can't understand the negative reviews. I know you can't please everyone, but in some cases I simply don't believe their claims. I've traveled a lot and have stayed in plenty of hotels. This is a great hotel!
fake ||| negative ||| My daughter's broken heart My daughter loves American Girl and for her birthday wanted to go to American Girl Doll in Chicago. For six months my eight year old counted day the day until we left for Chicago when she could have the experience of a lifetime. We arrived at the Talbot Hotel where we had reserved the American Doll Girl package only to find out that they had given our room away and that they were going to move us across town. If that wasn't bad enough we had to spend an hour to find out if the American Girl carriage ride had been canceled or if we should book another one. My daughter sulked for most of the trip as we spent more time going from thing to thing instead of being able to walk. My daughter cried herself to sleep the first night and I could tell that her heart was broken.
truthful ||| positive ||| We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel, a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river.
fake ||| positive ||| Couldn't have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago. Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action, allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown's famous for. The room was comfy, with two queen mattresses, down stuffed duvets and chic decor. The bar downstairs was a bit pricey, but made up for it by being comfortable, sleek, and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails. One night we didn't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes, which had an amazing array of choices, mostly of the French persuasion. I would definitely book here again!
truthful ||| positive ||| we stayed here in january when it was -20. but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back. chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay, period. now we stayed from the 9/5/2009 to 9/5/2009 and enjoyed every day. (p.s. the weather was in the high 70s). to get back to the hotel, it was fantastic, it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city. two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son. full kitchen, (laundry on 7th floor) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance, everything within walking distance. you wont need a car and at $42 for valet parking you wont want one. dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed. oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done. its a no brainer book now. p.s. theres also a beach within walking distance
truthful ||| positive ||| A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best.
truthful ||| negative ||| It's not a bad hotel. It's just so...disappointing. As a Diamond member, I expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view. I'm not distraught over this, but come on. Ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge, which has nothing but fattening pastries, bagels and cereal. Low-level Hampton Inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame. And what's with the lounge not opening until 6:30am? Business travelers often need to be GONE by 6:30, not sitting down to their meager breakfast. The in-room wifi is a pain to access, and I somehow got stuck with the $19.99 plan even though I selected the basic plan. (Don't get me started on how a $89/night Hampton Inn can offer free wifi and a full-service Hilton & Towers seemingly can't...). Finally, what's with the two bathrooms per one hotel room? It's an unseemly waste of space, especially when the rooms are so meager. And the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream 1992, not 2009, as does the picture-tube TV (vs. flat panel). Overall, this is a huge disappointment over which Conrad should be ashamed.
truthful ||| positive ||| I loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities. Great location, as it's so close to both lakeshore and city. Chicago is such a walkable city, so this was a superb base. The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient. The room was wonderful - very, very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Great chair. Great coffee. Lovely bathroom with a huge, absolutely fantastic shower. It was also extremely quiet. That, and the best bed ever, meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week, that was very important to me. Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar. I will most definitley be back!
fake ||| negative ||| I was not at all impressed with my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago. Checking in there were two people ahead of me but apparently that takes the 1 (one!!) front desk agent 30 minutes to process. Both guests had issues with their rooms regarding, it seemed, wrong room types and being out of the room type requested. I was nervous about my own reservation and, sure enough, my Superior Corner room wasn't available. The hotel tried to compensate me with complimentary breakfast and drinks at the bar but it is still annoying to reserve a room type and not have it be available. I was also annoyed that every little thing has an upcharge at the hotel. Want internet? Upcharge. Want extra pillows? Upcharge. Extra coffee for the room? Upcharge. Bad enough to get that treatment on the airline ride over but to have a hotel nickle and dime you is very annoying and aggravating. I won't be back and would strongly recommend other travelers to beware before booking.
truthful ||| negative ||| My stay at the Amalfi was a very brief one. I booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews I saw here on Trip Advisor. When I arrived, I sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk. I felt like I stepped into an episode of the Twilight Zone. The room was very small and dark. Then the Internet wasn't working. I wasn't informed about this on my check in and couldn't be given a time frame when it would be back up. I walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking, gathered up my belongings and went there. If you're one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels, you'll lurve this place. But if you like a hotel with lights on, working internet and a good view and real breakfast, go someplace else.
fake ||| positive ||| The Talbott Hotel was very classy, professional, and luxurious. I loved how the staff was nice and respectful. I was treated like i was royalty when i was there, when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel. They took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done. This is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area. I have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area.
fake ||| negative ||| When I walked into the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel, my first thought was ,"wow this is very yellow", and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day, no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse. my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in. It was a Victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms. i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms.
truthful ||| positive ||| We booked our room on Priceline, and got a good deal at around $100 per night. We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel's facilities The hotel is centrally located, just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue, and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable, and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city, and could just about see Lake Michigan (though the weather was very bad). The layout of the room is a little peculiar, with the bed facing away from the window, but over all we have no complaints about this hotel, and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So, pros and cons: Pros: Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel, so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area
truthful ||| positive ||| We have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous, very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents. We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies, hairdryer, safe, tv, robes & slippers, a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom. We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito ! This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends. Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors,comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are "class acts"
fake ||| negative ||| I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed. The room looked nice, but I found that there weren't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional. I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon. I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming. I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport, especially since the website advertises the close distance. Instead, I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic. All in all, not the best experience at all.
fake ||| negative ||| While the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside, my experience went downhill once I walked in. The lighting is very poor, which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere. The mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay. I definitely would not stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| Having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website, I arrived tired from Ireland, to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night, but did have rooms for the rest of the week. They booked me in to another (not as nice) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation. On my return to the hotel next day, I was upgraded to the Club level. What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake...unprompted. Of course, the hotel itself (particularly on the 32nd floor) is excellent. I will definitely be back.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed at the millennium Knickerbocker for 3 nights while on a business trip, as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office I was visiting, and just about everything else for that matter. The lobby was absolutely beautiful, and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful. The rooms were elegant and spacious, and I instantly felt right at home. The large flat screen TV as a nice touch and TV options were many. I headed downstairs to the bar for a drink, and was amazed at how well kept it was, as well as how nice everybody was. As this was my first time I asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out. All in all this was a great experience, and next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be staying here. I'd recommend the Millennium Knickerbocker to anyone traveling to Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| IMO the Amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on TA. This is basically a Holiday Inn. Half of the rooms overlook an alley / loading dock. The hotel is not more than 6 or 7 flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at 5 am. At 530, when you are just nodding off again, they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast. This is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank. Any room within 100 feet of the elevators will hear the noise. Reception was a bit tacky and the "staff" was a little rough around the edges. I didn't see a single business travellers while I was there. Valet parking was expensive (usual for Chicago) but was very slow. Just ok. Explore other options.
truthful ||| negative ||| My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
fake ||| negative ||| I had high hopes for the Ambassador East Hotel, I really did. It seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access. I arrived to the hotel on a Tuesday afternoon. I was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in. I could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck, doing nothing. As I walked in, nobody greeted me, and nobody offered to take my bags. The hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated, with a fine covering of dust. I went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys, all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer. I got to my room, and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking, there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway. Having paid extra for an upgraded room, I was extremely disappointed by the condition inside. The drinking glasses were filthy, the towels smelled of mold, and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can. The television was a basic CRT that looked to be about fifteen years old, and there was no channel guide, though I suppose I didn't need one for the six channels that it had. I had heard good things about the food at the Ambassador East hotel, but alas, there was no respite here. The room service that I ordered took forty minutes to arrive, and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done. Elsewhere in the hotel things were no better. Everywhere I went, from the pool to the bar, the staff was hasty, rude, and completely uninterested, and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated. I really wanted to like the Ambassador East Hotel, but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently had a horrible stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. When I first arrived I was impressed with the architecture and location, but things went downhill in a hurry. The front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though I had reserved a room with two queen beds, they told me that "only king bed rooms were available at the time", and there was nothing they could do about it. The room itself was a nightmare. It smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement. There was also a huge problem with my television, in that it would automatically turn itself off every 15 minutes or so. I complained about these problems, but very little was done. The hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets, but the quality was only marginally improved. Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago. From the pictures I had seen online I had expected a wonderful hotel, but what I actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel.
fake ||| positive ||| When I was asked to stay at the Swissotel in Chicago, I immediately went to their website to check them out. What I found there was decent, nothing really stood out. It wasn't until I actually went there that my eyes were opened. The amazing customer service I received there was exceptional. Every whim and detail I asked for they helped me perfectly. The room was neatly fixed when I arrived and was cleaned every day. When I asked about more towels, the maids were happy to help me out. If I were ever to be in that area again, I know exactly where I'm staying, the Swissotel.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I were excited to visit and shop at Chicago's Magnificent Mile on Michigan Ave. We chose the Intercontinental Hotel for it's reputation and location. Man oh man, were we disappointed. The check in was smooth enough even though the hotel was busy and all seemed well. We got ready to go out shopping and went to visit the concierge in the lobby to ask about suggestions and bargains. There were six people in line for her and we had to wait. That was no problem since we weren't on a timetable. When we finally got to her and asked about shopping on the Miracle Mile, she just pointed to the door and said, "It's right out the door." I asked her for suggestions of the best stores for bargains and she rolled her eyes at me saying, "there's no such thing." I couldn't believe her abruptness. We left the concierge stand not wanting to return. Shopping went well and was fun. We returned to our room and wanted to look up a restaurant for the night ourselves rather than ask the concierge. We couldn't find a hotel directory in the room. I called the Housekeeping Department and was told, "we're all out of directories here in the office." I asked if they could check a vacant room for one. She said the hotel was full and there were no vacant rooms. I hung up and thought I would just look for a restaurant in the yellow pages. Guess what? You guessed it, no phone book in the room. I figured we could go get a drink at The Bar, the hotel's 20's themed lounge, and ask the bartender for suggestions. We went to The Bar and there were only three other customers. We sat at the bar and got our drinks. As I was about to ask the bartender for restaurant suggestions, his cell phone rang. He answered it and went to the other end of the bar to talk. Twenty minutes later, he was still on the phone. Tired and hungry, my wife and I went back to our room and ordered a pizza to be delivered from Pizza Hut. Although the hotel is nice enough and the furnishings comfortable, the indifference of the staff will keep me from ever coming back. A big thumbs down to the Intercontinental Chicago. They need to look up the word hospitality in the dictionary.
fake ||| positive ||| Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel. I chose it largely for location as I don't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city. It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food, of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help. We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk. Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again. Our room was amazing. Seriously amazing. It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed. There wasn't one little spot of dust to be found. The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet. We didn't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious. We had dinner at David Burke's Primehouse. I cannot recommend the NY Ribeye more highly. It was fantastic. For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake. I've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home. I'm sad to say that I didn't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit. The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable. The staff was friendly, the hotel beautiful, and the food delicious. What more could you want?
fake ||| negative ||| The James Chicago hotel was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The only good thing about it was that it was located downtown, so I wasn't forced to stay in it any longer than I had to. The receptionist was rude and snobby, my room had dirty towels in it, and i found numerous small insects in my room. Furthermore, the gym and spa were closed while I was there. Nothing was done by management to accommodate me for these inconveniences. Next time I will take my business elsewhere.
truthful ||| negative ||| Overall the hotel is very nice. The rooms are spacious and well-appointed, but they tend to be aging or dated. My bathroom was particularly below average, with old wallpaper and a dingy tub with a crummy showerhead. The toilet paper roll holder was pulling out of the wall and its screws were exposed. The conceirge recommended an expensive and mediocre restaurant. I hate it when they do that- it makes me suspect they're getting kickbacks from places that otherwise don't get enough business on their own. Breakfast was very good. It's a relatively large european-style spread.
fake ||| positive ||| I had a great experience staying at the Conrad Chicago, the service was top notch, the price was good, but out of everything the service was outstanding. I would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location. Right next to the shops at North Bridge!
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights last weekend. It is a located in a fantastic spot on the Magnificent Mile, right near the Chicago River and the NBC building. We had a double room in the main tower. The room was very clean and updated. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access. Also, parking is high ($45 valet/day). Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel. We paid $90 on Priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price.
truthful ||| positive ||| Booked a room online and got a great rate under $200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location, 3 blocks I think from the water. Even though our rate was so cheap, the service was wonderful, the front desk were polite& cheerful, the doormen and valet were great and helpful, and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on, free of charge! The fitness room was clean, large and provided fruit and clean towels, and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel. Location of hotel is safe, and such a beautiful area. Check the rates directly online of the hotel's website, as it was the least expensive. We will stay here again for sure.
truthful ||| positive ||| Had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the Palmer House. The service was wonderful, staff was very friendly towards dog owners, even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was. Easy access to red line from Midway. Valets were prompt at retrieving car (they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting).
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I stayed at the Abassador East Hotel in August to attend the Air and Water Show in Chicago. I called ahead to ensure a SW view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches. Upon arrival at the hotel, not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn't even a single king as was requested. Apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room. The room itself was small and underwhelming. The was not dirty, but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel. The hotel was packed the weekend we visited. The staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd. The concierge and reception desks were continuously busy. The hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits. The main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult! Luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable. We will not be staying at the Abassador on future trips. Hopefully, current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe...
truthful ||| negative ||| Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church (my room looked down upon Wacker Drive, the aforementioned church and the Chicago River. Small room, virtually no storage space. Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue. They provided adequate service, with no problems. This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program. I never felt comfortable in this hotel. I'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age. Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender. The young people can have at it. I'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time.
truthful ||| negative ||| Used this hotel the first time I was in Chicago. For the prices and for being classified an intercontinental...I wouldn't consider it that good. The rooms were solid. The view was ok (but so is it virtually everywhere else on Michigan Ave.) The service was ok. The prices were ridiculous for everything from wifi to well everything else. We came here for a Jewish/Hindi wedding. Appetizer was fine. Main entree was a small portion of meat with forgettable everything else. Dessert was inedible. I have been to some other expensive hotels with similar ratings but they had more or just better rooms to an extent that it would be worth it. I personally preferred the Conrad. Better prices and better service.
fake ||| negative ||| We originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website, read about their "romantic weekend getaway." Having never been in the area before or stayed at an Ambassador Hotel we really didn't know what to expect, but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be. Upon arriving, the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car, unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic. It only went downhill from there. The bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we couldn't figure out what it was. We ended up getting a different room, which was very mediocre. Needless to say, we won't be staying here again.
fake ||| negative ||| I don't know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others. This hotel was for me: over priced, fingerprints on the walls, stains in the bathroom, funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning, parking/valet was time consuming, and same thing with the elevator. The back to the 1960's furniture is not for me, and what about the breakfast? Better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer. Oh sure it is a Hilton, woopee! You pay for the privilege of sleeping there. Saw a couple of bed bugs, but took a shower in the morning, and they seemed to wash away. I won't be back to Hilton Homewood Suites again. I'd rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money. Think that I'll be happier as well.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I recently stayed at the Allegro hotel in Chicago and were extremely disappointed. It claims to be a luxury hotel, but the air conditioning in our unit wasn't working and the ice maker in refridgerator was unbearably slow. We phoned in these issues to the front desk and the person on the other end assured us these problems would be taken care of. Noone ever showed up. Aside from that, there were so many kids running around we couldn't think straight. This is just my two cents, but I'd would tell anyone considering staying at the Allegro to pass and look at their other options.
truthful ||| negative ||| Arrived at 1:30am only to find that sleep was not in my future because of the dance club connected to the hotel. If you party and stay out all night anyway, this hotel would be fine. But don't plan to get any rest if the club is open! Front desk lady was extremely rude to people calling in to inquire about the hotel while I was checking in. She was fine with me and gave me a corner room, but sure wouldn't want to be on her bad side.
fake ||| positive ||| I am so glad I decided to stay at the Intercontinental Chicago for my first trip to the city. The staff is very attentive, I felt like I was the only person they had to take care of! The location is great, right on the Magnificent Mile and so close to major attractions. My suite was well appointed and very clean. I even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn't find any. The hotel is very luxurious. The sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable. The next time I travel to Chicago, I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental again.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation. We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area. This hotel is simply beautiful. From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left, we were treated as if we were royalty. I have never been treated so well. We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs. We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite. The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room didn't seem like we were in a hotel, it had the feeling of home. There was a separate living room area which was wonderful, my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline. It was mesmerizing. We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping, which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping. Most everything is in walking distance. The food was to die for; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant. We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge. The lounge had a classy feel to it, very relaxing yet sophisticated. We even received a massage, in our room. While we did have all the conveniences of home, such as internet and TV, we did not even think about using them, being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives. This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken. I cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel. We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here. The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience, which the experience itself is priceless. I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| Striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s.
truthful ||| positive ||| Very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have. Don't miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar. Spacious rooms. Perfect for business and for theatre guests. A little quiet area during weekends.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier, Marshall Field, Michigan Avenue & John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet, upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again!
truthful ||| negative ||| My husband and i made a reservation for 2sure nights but decided to stay just the second night. I called the hotel and spoke with Eric, he quickly canceled my reservation and i asked if we would be charged for thd cancellation, he said no and that was the end of it. My husband then remembered we needed to cancel from bookit.com as well. I called and they said the hotel wouldnt authorize a cancellation per the terms and agreement. I informed courtney from bookit.com that i specifically asked if we would be charged and i was told no by Eric. She spoke with the mgr Erica and she said Erica would honor that if i could provide a name. I got his name and callex back and he told the bookit consultant that he "didnt recall" saying that. I was so furious that i called him on 3the way with the bookit consultant and he just lied!!!!!!!!!!! He said, no ma'am i dont remember saying that. I said so since you dont remember thats it??? I said my husband heard him say it b/c he was on speaker phone since we were driving on the way there. I asked to speak to Erica, told her the situation and she said she cant go off of heresay and couldnt honor what her employee screwed up on. I asked him nicely to please tell the truth and he just would not tell thr truth. I have never writte. A review for a hotel before but i am going to go out of my way to make sure corporate sees this. Erica was very unprofessional and cared more about not taking sides than she did about making sure the guests feel welcome. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! WILL NEVER STAY AGAIN!!
fake ||| positive ||| The James Chicago Hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only, downtown Chicago. This wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique's, and the views are breath-taking. The hotel just has a warm feeling to it, and the hotel staff is more than excellent. This hotel is situated right across from the Magnificent Mile, and only minutes away from the world famous shopping, dining, and fun for all ages. The James is modern and luxurious. The James is definately a hotel that I would recommend and will go back to in years to come.
fake ||| negative ||| Extremely disappointed in our stay. This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online. I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be, only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for. The room smelled musty and not clean. Garbage was not changed from prior person. Found small ants in bathroom near shower. Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray. Overall this hotel is in a great location, but we would never visit again. Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.
truthful ||| positive ||| This was a great place to be! Great views of river and lake, walk to everything, a clean and comfortable room, and very accommodating staff. We arrived early and were checked in by 10:30 am and checked out late , effectively adding two days to our vacation. It is a large hotel but the staff works hard and takes good care of the customers.
fake ||| negative ||| WARNING! My stay at the Talbott Hotel will go down in history as one of my worst experiences staying in hotels. I was excited for a weekend getaway with a few friends. After receiving a few positive recommendations and looking at their website we decided to stay at the Talbott. They were promoting up to $30 breakfast credit per day. And breakfast is my favorite meal so this was already looking like a great time. Upon our arrival we were greeted by an employee (which we wouldn't have known had he not told us) that was not only rude but made sexual advances at one of the ladies on our group. Once we talked with a manager about the incident outside he assured us that he would take care of the issue and even upgraded us to King suites instead of the double size rooms we originally reserved. If someone had blindfolded me and took me into one of these rooms I would have sworn we were at Motel 6, not a luxury hotel in Chicago. The linens were stained, room smelled of smoke and had another odor that was similar to old cat pee. I was truly disgusted. After a night out on the town we came back to our disgusting rooms to get some sleep. The next morning I was excited for our breakfast that was highly recommended by the hotel and other guests. I have to say it was one of the worst breakfasts I have ever eaten. The toast was stale, eggs were made from powder instead of real eggs, and the juice they served was sour. I would never recommend this as a place to stay. I would suggest the Red Roof Inn over this place anytime.
fake ||| negative ||| I visited the Hotel Allegro Chicago while I was on vacation with my daughter. I booked the room and was very excited because the website alludes to a very lavish interior with amenities far superior to the surrounding hotels. I was particularly excited there was a fitness center because I work out on a regular basis and I would not have to give that up on my vacation. Let me start by saying the staff was very rude and I was very dissappointed they could not respect that I was very tired after traveling a very long way. I booked the hotel stay for over a week, which was very expensive, and that seemed to not matter to them at ALL, despite that fact that I was travelling with a small child as well! They did nothing to accommodate me, and the woman at the front desk even refused rudely to take my calls or answer any questions about nearby restaraunts insisting that even though she worked there she "didn't know the area" To tope it all off, the fitness center was under construction so I never got to use it. Worst hotel experience of my life, I will never go back. - Sandy D.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed here through Hotwire and got an amazingly low rate- $60 some odd dollars nightly for a 2 night stay last May. The room they had us in was small and had no view of anything except the wall of the other part of the hotel, but it was very clean, tastefully decorated and cozy. We had a great vacation, walking all over town until we ended up near the Planetarium which was where we then turned around and saw the skyline of Chicago and were just wow. So anyway, the hotel is great, the service was great, the room was very nice- I would recommend this hotel to anyone though I work at the front desk of a hotel myself and the previous person's comment about how she wasn't able to get adjoining rooms, well, internet sites don't guarantee things like that anyway- you've got to call the hotel direct and verify things like that. There's a note about that on internet sites as well- no room type/location is guaranteed. 5 stars out of 5 for this hotel.
fake ||| positive ||| This is the hotel for the discriminating business traveler. It offers spacious rooms that are elegant and refined. With a cozy area complete with chairs and fireplace, they are the perfect place to entertain clients or discuss strategy for a business meeting with a colleague. The restaurant offers just the location to impress a perspective client. And all of this elegance and refinement in the heart of downtown Chicago
truthful ||| negative ||| Move beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.
truthful ||| positive ||| My family and I stayed at this hotel during an extended weekend trip in July, 08. We had (3) 1 bedroom suites. Great Location in downtown Chicago. Within walking distance to shopping and most downtown tourist attractions. The service was excellent and the hotel staff was friendly. The breakfast buffet was very good but the eating area can get crowded. I recommend going early. The rooms were quiet and clean. I highly recommend this hotel for families and for travelers staying >2-3 days. We would stay here again. Parking is expensive, about $28/day. It is valet. The cheapest self parking I could find in the area was $24/days so we did valet parking. The valet and bell staff were very helpful and friendly. This is my 3rd experience with Homewood Suites (3 different cities). I have had a great experience each time.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband, three year old son and I arrived at the Palmer House Hilton last Friday for a weekend stay. The hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly. At the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us. One elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator. The hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room. The room was decent. Not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good. We had a long day of sight seeing and play on Saturday. As my son was tired, we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner. There was no children's menu for room service. Only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen, what??? We ordered an adult meal. The food arrived an hour later, cold and unappealing. But we at it because we couldn't wait another hour. Although the hotel looks lovely. The service was not very good. Most of the staff was cold and snooty. Except for the cleaning staff who were very nice. It might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children. A comfortable motel might be better.
fake ||| negative ||| Recently stayed at the InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile and was a little underwhelmed. It's convenient location did not compensate for the fact that the property is very old and definitely in need of some updating and renovating. There is a definite need for some noise control -- everything and everybody could be heard from inside the room. Hearing the plumbing from other guests' rooms was particularly annoying. The fitness facilities are really hyped but unfortunately they were not free to use (at least it wasn't included with my booking choice). Parking was pretty expensive so if you really don't need it, don't use it. Overall, just dissappointed that the great location wasn't matched with great accommodations.
fake ||| positive ||| A perfect place for couples to get away too. The location couldn't be better,just three blocks from Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile. It's really romantic, the service was awesome. Very clean and quiet. It has big rooms with comfortable atmosphere, huge bathroom.Over all, i had the a great experience there, would definitely stay there again!
fake ||| negative ||| My recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable. My visit began on the wrong foot when they couldn't locate my reservation. I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they couldn't find me "in the system". We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over. That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations. The room that I had originally reserved (King) was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room. I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service. It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive. When finally delivered, it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it. So now I am cranky, tired and starving! I ate what I could from the mini bar (poor selection of items) and went to bed. The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it, as if someone had smoked in it. The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms. The woman at the front desk couldn't be bothered with me and didn't try to make things right in any way. I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago. I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again.
fake ||| negative ||| The Amalfi Hotel has a beautiful website and interior decorating, but that's about it. When my wife and I got here, we were given keys to a room that had not even been cleaned! The Internet access promised on the hotel's website was down, so I couldn't catch up on any of the business I had intended to do, and my wife thought that the dark design details in the room made her feel claustrophobic, like she was sleeping inside a Salvador Dali painting. All in all, this hotel was not worth the money, especially since we spent most of our time enjoying the city--something more casual and comfortable would have been better, and it would probably have been cleaner, too!
fake ||| negative ||| Not one of my better experiences, When I first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys. I had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys. It wouldn't have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair. When I finally got to the room I found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed. The room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded. But the view from the window was amazing, and it took away some of the bad for me. Overall, it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring, maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light. I didn't even get housekeeping my entire stay there. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone in the area, hopefully it will make them get their act together.
truthful ||| negative ||| I had purchased this deal of off groupon. Lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures. when We layed down to sleep in our bed. We lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed (attached in photos), we immediatly called the front desk. The only thing they offered was a new set of sheets. when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly/hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again. we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean. Then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos, and they offered me a ($68) refund. I was very dissapointed,and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and I broke out on my face with ACNE (i never had a acne or skin issues) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets. We drove 4.5 hours to enjoy Chicago and we stayed @ the hard rock based on reputatuion, and unfortunitly we were very disspointed. it was DISGUSTING! I then wrote a Email to management and HEARD NOTHING BACK. NOT even a response or apology. I just really expected alot more.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel (Chicago Water Tower), and I was quite disappointed. I was excited by the great location (on East Chestnut Street downtown), but this was a mediocre hotel for the price ($250 per night before taxes). The view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters, and yes, the view of downtown in the distance was pretty, but I was very disappointed. The bedding seemed to be polyester, not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately. When I ordered room service at 10:30 (on a Thursday night), I had to wait for 55 minutes, 20 minutes longer than I was quoted. I ordered a salad, and I thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long. Overall, I was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met. After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel's website, I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend. After a long flight into Chicago, we were so ready to check in, shower, and lay down in our hotel room. However, once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation. I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied. She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting. We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door. I'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
truthful ||| negative ||| I've been here for 4 days. Great location right off of miracle mile, near all major hotels, best shopping and theatres. Rooms very large. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, and respond immediately. Problems: there frequently are homeless people (even during daylight) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue (the main route you walk for or all activities, and just about everything is in walking distance from here). At night, the street on the north side of Superior is dark, and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors. The street people do not approach you, although they may stare as you go by. Usually 2 or more along the way, where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus. I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself. (I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia.) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street, but this is different as it's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street. The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work, and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation. For now, expect two extremely small, warm, slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm, cramped hallways! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting, and the wallpaper is peeling in places. In the room, several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection, the carpets were stained, the bathrooms needed new grout (some mold visible), the TV is very small (16 Inch?) and the windows very, very dirty. You won't get your room serviced unless you ask for it, sometimes more than once. The "pub " downstairs is run down, dark and kind of creepy. Food and room service are very expensive, as is parking ($34/day public and $38/day valet). On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area, plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south. You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan. Pool small, but clean. All in all, it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room, but I think it is overpriced, and I would not stay here again.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago during Labor day weekend, huge mistake! When I got to my room everything seemed okay,Until I went into the bathroom. There was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard I turned the knob, it would not stop. There was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper. It also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as I saw a wad of hair, and scraps of tissue behind the bowl. I called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it. While I was waiting I turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there.... the a.c. started blowing out hot, musky air and had the room smelling horrible. I made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room. They told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator. I was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip I was hearing I had no choice but to take it. When I moved to the new room, there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on. Front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally 2 hours later, I was able to relax and settle in. Hard Rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason, I will not be staying there again.
fake ||| positive ||| Hotel Allegro Chicago is a beautiful place. I was originally dreading being in Chicago due to the fact it was all business and no play, but as soon as I saw the inside of the hotel I was stunned! I wasn't expecting to stay at a place that made business trip feel like a get-away vacation. The service there was amazing, everybody was very friendly. When I saw my room, once again my jaw almost dropped. The room was fit for a king, the designs on the wall were so elegant. The beds were extraordinarily comfy. I think for my next business trip I am going to bring my wife and kids with me. I give this Kimpton Hotel 5/5 stars!
fake ||| positive ||| The Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure. Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable, but the food in the restaurant was exquisite. Not to mention the perfect service from the resort's employees! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs. I'm naturally a fitness freak, so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor. Best of all, it was available to guests at any time, day or night. The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area, so it wasn't a far walk to scope out the shops. The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up. It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life. I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave. Any time that I make my way back to Chicago, you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago. I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling.
fake ||| positive ||| I've stayed at several different hotels in Chicago but The James is the best. Everything I need is in walking distance and I find it very convenient to stay there. The staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly. The room has always been very clean. The bed linens are better that the nice sheets I have on my own bed. Thankfully I don't have to search around for somewhere to stay when I travel there as I've found my favorite.
truthful ||| negative ||| This was a refreshing change from the ordinary. I loved the location, the service and the amenities offered by this hotel. The room was charming with a window seat and a water view. The decor was unique but cheerful. Free wireless internet services were a plus here. The staff was helpful and attentive. We loved having goldfish share our room! I would definitely stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower.
fake ||| negative ||| I was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel. The initial impression was that the desk clerk thought I was lucky that he was waiting on me. I had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though I was bothering him. I was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter. On the plus side the room was lovely, but when I called for room service at 9:30pm I was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until 10pm. I decided to go out rather than fight the issue. The next day the tone was the same at the pool, the bar, the restaurant etc. The staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do. The only exception was the housekeeping staff. I called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in 10 minutes and made to ask if there was anything else I needed before leaving. The bottom line is that I booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it. Even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location, the atmosphere was not inviting. I'd rather go somewhere where I felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that didn't seem to care that I was there.
truthful ||| negative ||| When you're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all, nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again. The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem (they told me that it happens to the upper floors, and I wasn't even staying on the highest floor!) as if that makes it ok. I can look past the "rustic" decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash, but c'mon, a girl's gotta shower.
fake ||| negative ||| Affinia hotel in Chicago was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever stayed in. Everything looks very nice and fancy, though the people that work there must be from the projects of Chicago. The customer service was the worst I have ever experienced in my life! When we went to check in, first we had to wait about 15 minutes for the 3 workers that were at the desk to stop their personal conversation and check us in. When the women at the counter finally acknowledged us, she was smacking her gum, and was upset and treating us like we were inconveniencing her! The room service brought us cold eggs for breakfast, and the attitude of the staff overall was extremely rude. I would NEVER go back, and I hope this place gets a staff makeover if they want to stay in business.
truthful ||| positive ||| I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me. My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park.
truthful ||| positive ||| We arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel. The cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in. The second night we went earlier and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area. The rooms were modern and very clean. We will stay there again.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic. Very convenient for walking to museums, shopping and park nearby. The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view. We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel. Helpful staff, wifi, Aveda products, decent restaurant downstairs for brunch, easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, for business or pleasure.
fake ||| positive ||| I loved staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere, but they give me the option to bring my pet with me. They are a dog friendly hotel, it costs $55.00 a night for the dog to stay with you, but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you. I loved this option. They also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats, food, bowls and doggy clean up bags. I higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel.
fake ||| negative ||| Our vacation was highlighted by a four day stay at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.I believed it would be the best part of the trip; I discovered it was an unfolding nightmare. While in our lovely room on the fifteenth floor, a voice emanating from the phone, informed us of the pending fire alarm and what procedures to follow. Anyone above the tenth floor was instructed to go into the bathroom, wet towels and place them along the bottom of the closed door.Do not use the elevators and wait for further instructions.We nervously waited for twenty minutes without any further communications from the voice in the phone.We then decided to exit via the stairs, realizing too late that once you entered the stairwells, doors behind you were locked.We continued to travel downward, against the backdrop music of sirens and loud muffled speakers.Obviously, we were rescued without any physical injuries; yet emotionally we were damaged.I now choose my hotels in the range of ten floors or less.
fake ||| negative ||| Do NOT stay at this hotel! A friend and I booked a 3-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in Chicago. Though it was a bit pricy, we decided on the Knickerbocker because it was in a great location, and the rooms looked large and well-kept. Our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time. However, despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay, when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an HOUR until we were allowed up to our room. The concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us, and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late. To top it off, the maid service was terrible. The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed; no vacuuming, no fresh towels, etc. We didn't want to stay the third night, but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee. This hotel is way too much money for the services they provide, you'd be better off staying in a Motel 6.
truthful ||| negative ||| I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
fake ||| positive ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel I am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month, therefore, my accommodations must meet the highest standards. I was booked for a stay at The Omni Chicago Hotel, located in what is referred to as ' The Magnificent Mile ' in the greater Chicago area. ' Magnificent ', it was! The beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance, I had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff. I was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from ' The Presidential Suite to The Governors Suite '. I accepted a more humble room as I would not need to spend very much time there during the day. I did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory. I enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards, I would take a quick dip in the pool. I toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel. The ' Chagall Ballroom ', was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury. I was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city. That was a life saver. All in all, my experience was more than favorable and I would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone.
truthful ||| negative ||| I reserved the "Rock star" suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco, they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the "rock star" suite. However, the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare! When we got there our room wasn't done! We were not offered anything to do, drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished. The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone! How rude! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done. And after waiting that long for the room, can you believe it? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom. The television didn't work, we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it. Plus, the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair. I'm so mad I'm writing the owners and letting them know! This really made me mad. We haven't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs. Even the concierge snickered at my boots, so what, I like to wear Doc Martens! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont. At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame.
fake ||| negative ||| The Palmer House Hilton, while it looks good in pictures, and the outside, is actually a disaster of a hotel. When I went through, the lobby was dirty, my room hadn't been cleaned, and smelled thoroughly of smoke. When I requested more pillows, the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she'd send them up. It took over an hour for 2 pillows. This hotel is a good example that what you pay for isn't always what you get. I will not be returning.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago. From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends. Our rooms were ready upon arrival, and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online. The location couldn't be more convenient to access all of Chicago's shopping and dining areas. We dined in Seston's Chop House, which I highly recommend. The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience. The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City!
fake ||| positive ||| Last month, my husband and I stayed at the InterContinental Chicago while we were in town for IMTS. Although they were very busy, the service was excellent and very professional. The staff were always smiling and happy to help. InterContinental was conveniently located near Michigan avenue, and the best stores and restaurants in town. The view from our room was great! Our room was always clean when we arrived home at night, it was decorated nicely, and the beds were extremely comfortable! We ate at the hotel's restaurant Zest, and the food was great! It was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while. We will definitely be back!
truthful ||| negative ||| My husband and I were very excited to be staying at the Conrad, unfortunately, we would never stay in this hotel again. The rooms looked nice, but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink. The room service cost was super high - costing us over $100 for 1 burger, 1 order of french toast, 2 pops and 2 desserts. In the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake. We called the front desk and it took almost 40 minutes for someone to walk over to our room (we were on the 5th floor, same as the reception desk). They did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower. The staff was friendly enough, but NOT helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems. There was not even a coffee pot in the room. Definitely would NOT stay here again for the price. NOT worth it!
fake ||| negative ||| My stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live. I was there for a week long conference. Although my reservations had been made months in advance, they did not have a suite for me when I arrived, resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night. Once my room was ready, I was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen: barely large enough to move around, and very few utensils to cook with. The pool was only open for limited hours, and I should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit. At night I was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside. My overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite. I will not book here ever again.
truthful ||| positive ||| The James Hotel met and exceeded our expectations. A haven of cool, uncluttered comfort in a hot, crowded but congenial city. Located within steps of some of the greatest art, architecture, culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in North America, the staff of the James provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited. The check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm, restorative oasis. It is difficult to over-praise the friendly, attentive staff; this is a hotel that truly has its act together! The day before our visit ended, we experienced problems with the room's air conditioner. When the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem, we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the Chicago skyline. We eagerly await the opening of new James Hotels in other cities.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Hyatt for a two nights on a business trip. My room was oddly shaped to give a stunning view of the river and NBC Building. Both the room and the bathroom were spotless and the room had an air purifier which ran silently. The hotel was well staffed with individuals who were knowledgeable about both the hotel and the surrounding area. I would not hesitate to stay here again and plan to return with my wife for a weekend.
fake ||| positive ||| Staying at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience. Not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions, but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal. There are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food. The rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find. Finally, the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the Swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| Although the Architecture of the hotel is quaint, that is about the only positive of this terible hotel. The guest services were unhelpful at best, and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful. And as for the rooms, small, cramped, and it seemed as if the sheets hadn't been cleaned in the last 5 years. My stay here was distasteful, and I never intend to return, except to ask for my money back.
truthful ||| positive ||| At the last minute, my son and I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago to see the Cubs. After checking Priceline I decided to book the Omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel. We arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready(I had called ahead and requested early arrival).The front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating. The room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel. The room was spotless and the bed was VERY comfortable. There was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room!!!We then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch. Our service was great as was the food. We also tried several restaurants around the Omni-all within walking distance. The service, cleanliness and location of the Omni were incredible. We will definitely go back.
truthful ||| negative ||| My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
truthful ||| positive ||| The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly.
truthful ||| positive ||| We just got back from 3 nights at the Sofitel. We really have nothing bad or negative to say about it. We've stayed at other higher end hotels in Chicago such as the Park Hyatt, The Peninsula, and The Four Seasons - and the Sofitel tops them all. It's a 4 star hotel with 3 star prices. It's a beautiful hotel all the way around. Staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing. They were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly. The common areas are fresh and modern in appearance. The room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths. My wife loved the huge tub. We had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious. The robes and Evian at turndown was always appreciated. The property is ideally situated in the middle of the Gold Coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk. Want a Bentley or latte? They're all close by. This was our second stay since it opened and I'm sure it's to be our home away from home when we are in Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| The Hotel Allegro in Chicago is understated luxury. I love the minimalist decor, and the linens were quality and exquisite. You can't beat the location, either, it's located in the heart of the theatre district. Walking distance to all the great restaurants in Chicago! They also offer an in-room spa service, which is pure decadence. I chose to indulge in the Eucalyptus Mani/pedi. It was by far the priciest manicure and pedicure I have had in my life (135 dollars) but it was a wonderful experience. The eucalyptus treatments left my hands and feet feeling so soft yet refreshed at the same time. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to experience the finer thingsthis gorgeous city has to offer.
fake ||| negative ||| My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience. That was the farthest thing from the truth. The staff was very rude and unhelpful. The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff. Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over. So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room. As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest. My wife went to the bathroom, and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor. That was just the beginning of our bad stay. After being in the room for about 30 minutes, there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police. There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched. There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched. Come to find out after video surveillance, the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana. Needless to say, our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker, bed, hangers, tv, etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly, not well-versed in English, and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time, despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much, at least provide the full 70 channels.
fake ||| positive ||| The stay at the Hilton Chicago definetely felt like a vacation. Sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like I was at home! The accommodations and hotel are beautiful. I especially enjoyed the gym. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would reccommend this Hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home.
fake ||| negative ||| The name Conrad (the most luxurious of all Hilton hotels) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury; however, the Conrad in Chicago, IL did obviously not receive the memo. Upon entering the hotel, we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff. Additionally, we were not offered any help. The desk receptionist was beyond rude. Her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay. After getting our card, we were finally offered help with our luggage. The young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage. Strangely, he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip. He received the tip he deserved, which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away. Upon first looking at the room it was beautiful. However, closer inspection revealed that the room had NOT been cleaned since the last visitor had left. There was hair in the sink and around the toilet. There was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub. This fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff. Instead, I was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards. Two-hours later, someone came into the room to "investigate". When they saw the mess that had been left, they offered a menial apology. Still another two hours later, housekeeping arrived. The level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage. In the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit, the valet actually brought the wrong car to me. I was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me (it was certainly an incredible make and model), but my better judgment prevailed. I informed the valet of his mistake, to which he replied, "Sorry dude, I read your ticket wrong." I know that he did not smoke in my car, but he smelled so strongly of smoke, that the smell melted into my seat. Luckily, its location on Rush will help get out of the terror that is Conrad Chicago. There are so many better hotels in Chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere.
fake ||| positive ||| The Palmer House Hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with class and superior quality furniture. The hotels restaurant "lockwood" consist's of delicious French and Italian cuisine. The location is in the prime area to downtown, and shopping areas. This hotel is suited for pristine guests, and those who are not willing to settle for less. If you're looking for not just any stay, but a stay in luxury, you should give The Palmer House Hilton a try. It is one of the best of the best in Chicago, and your stay will be one to remember.
fake ||| positive ||| The Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home. From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby, you will never want to leave. The multiple ballrooms, board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events. If you're looking for leisure activities, there are two bars, the Lockwood Wine Cellar, and an indoor pool. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon. The customer service was amazing. From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing. These people were proficient, respectful and very thoughtful. The Fairmont had a lounge, a wine room, a bar and a restaurant. I couldn't decide where I wanted to go first! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room... It was totally delicious. We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa, once again excellent!! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time. We stayed in the gold room. Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows. My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city. It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget. Four thumbs up!
truthful ||| positive ||| I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant, to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated, with large flat-screen TV's, beautiful linens, and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel. Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago), however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park, the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse), and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall, I'd stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop, or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks.
truthful ||| negative ||| First of all, Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered. The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word!! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel. When we went to leave the gate would not open. We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up. They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure. The Hotel itself is beautiful!!! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful. They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all!!!!
truthful ||| positive ||| The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic! It's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once. The hotel has a fabulous location. It's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales, and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company (the best bagels and cream cheese EVER), Macys and Saks. This location can't be beat. You're at one end of the magnificent mile, so it makes for easy strolling, as you don't start in the middle and then backtrack. The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly. Checking in and out was very smooth, and the concierge (Cheryl) was amazing. She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us, and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk. It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to, and I can't recommend it more. The rooms are small but not too small. We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen, cordless phones, a rain shower, ample clean towels, and beautiful marble countertops. The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe. The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter. The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on. When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed. The issue was corrected, though, and it didn't happen again during our 4 night stay. The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping. Very cute. Their late night menu, however, is lacking. It would have been nice to see some soup on there. That being said, I RARELY order from room service when on vacation, so I really don't see that being a big deal. Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that. We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again....wouldn't stay anywhere else!
truthful ||| negative ||| me (taking a cue from david dancer): 'sup? front desk person: yes? me: so, do I have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room? front desk person: what room are you in? me: **** front desk person: oh. ...i'm afraid so. OR, you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the 10th floor. me: oh? wtf! so, we're staying at this hotel, and there is a bar on the 29th floor, but we have to wait 15 minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room? get bent! we're paying to stay here, not just drinking in your bar!
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel is trading on the Hilton name and although adequate the decor is dated and depressing. Although classed as a three star the prices do not reflect this. It was more expensive than other four star hotels in the neighbourhood, The breakfast is poor quality and the room very crowded. All in all the worst hotel we stayed at in a 14 day tour of Canada and the USA. Would not stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| We will not be back to this hotel. There are several reasons for this, but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight. Our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it. The room was OK, but the beds were hard and uncomfortable. The room next door had their TV turned up very loudly, and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option. They didn't offer any other solutions. The food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests. Overall, we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| I read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this property which had it ranked as #1 in Chicago. I got a king room overlooking Michigan Ave. The view was beautiful. The room was also impeccable. Nice and bright, very fresh and modern. I find it very hard to fault any Sofitel's. The service, attentiveness of staff, cleanliness and luxury are always top notch. Location was great, head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe's and restaurants. Straight ahead of the hotel on Michigan Ave is a shoppers paradise. A great place to stay, and much better value than Park Hyatt. I do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy, such as for the internet. When you are paying top dollar, a few inclusions would be nice.
truthful ||| negative ||| We traveled to Chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city. To our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations. Gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one... elevator that is working to the second floor to register. Our first room was recently renovated.....stark white walls, no amenities at all. Guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room. Modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud, a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair. No fride, coffee maker, iron, or even a picture on the stark white walls. We asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the 15th floor. While this room was attractive, we were greeted to jack hammers at 8 every morning. The staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking. lake shore drive
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent. In addition to the excellent service the location was great. With quick access to Michigan Ave.. The bars and Shula's restaurant were excellent. You must have the rib-eye steak...very well done.
truthful ||| negative ||| We didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that, we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel is totally overrated. Yes, the location is awesome, but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options. The customer service, or lack thereof, was particularly disappointing. Why are they paying anywhere from 2 - 8 doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady? Even when her hands are full. The housekeeping staff couldn't figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day. Why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don't bring it anyway. As stated previously, the location is great. Location, however, does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff. I would not stay here again.
fake ||| positive ||| As I walked into the hotel I was greeted warm heartedly. They took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly. I was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom. Also, I was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient. Overall, I was very happy with my stay at this hotel.
fake ||| positive ||| I just spent the weekend here with my wife, and she loved it as much as I do. I was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients, so I didn't have any choice. But when my wife said she wanted to come to Chicago, I knew this was the place to take her. The hotel hasn't just been remodeled, it's been completely redesigned. Things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better, and the two rooms that I've seen are showplaces. They are amazing. This hotel is part of a luxury chain, and it's easy to see why. They offer full room service at convenient hours. I've been in every eating area now, and they are all great, too. Whether for business or pleasure, you can't beat this. It's a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you'd expect. My wife was stunned, and yours will be, too.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I were guests at the Hotel Allego in Chicago for a long weekend getaway (September 2 - 5, 2011). We had checked out the hotel's website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip. Once we arrived, the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy. When I asked to be moved to another room (my wife has asthma) we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time. The room was not particularly well-cleaned: we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor, and a film of dust across the television set. We are not the type to complain, so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it. At nighttime when we tried to sleep, we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin, every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly. We were tossing and turning half the night. In the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day, but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated: a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack. The concierge was almost never around in the lobby (her sign always said "Be right back!") and when we did ask her questions, she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us. The second night was without incident, luckily, except for the terrible bed, but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our "Do Not Disturb" sign. I would not recommend this hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| This morning, I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago. I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the "Preferred Hotels" group. Upon checking in, I was "greeted" by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show. My room was poorly lit and dirty. The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky, dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work. The "sound system" was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox. No one, rock star or otherwise, wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper. Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the "everything is possible" line. Great marketing fails with no follow through. The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge? Looking back, I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty, drafty, overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list) With the exception of the fact that I was leaving, check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant. I, for one, will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm staying at the Hyatt. Rock on, TripStarr
truthful ||| positive ||| Great beds, clean rooms, amazing bathroom, nifty view, wonderful service, expensive parking ($40, but it's Chicago), speedy in and out. Very European in sensibility and amenities, but with air conditioning!
fake ||| negative ||| My family and I were in Chicago for a friend's wedding. We had asked around to find a hotel that was nice, but affordable and were pointed in the direction of the InterContinental Chicago hotel. The hotel appeared very nice, and to have all the amenities: Room service, WiFi, clean rooms. Unfortunately, as it turned out, appearances can be deceiving. It begins at the desk, where the clerk was downright rude and uncaring. He said they didn't have any rooms available because we didn't make arrangements. It was getting late, and we had no place to go, there weren't any hotels nearby and my kids were starving. I asked if there was anything he could do, and he said that I will have to ask someone else because he was busy. I talked with his manager and after a bit of fussing, the manager apologized and moved us into a room for the night. Apparently, our expectations for what would be the normal amenities for a hotel stay was above standard, because this room wasn't even clean and the wifi didn't work. We ordered room service, and it never came, even after several complaints. It doesn't end there either; when we got home we found that the hotel had charged us for the room service. Overall, this was a very frustrating experience, and I wouldn't stay there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed here for 5 nights last summer. I booked the reservation on priceline for $75/night which was the cheapest rate I could find anywhere during a convention week. Anyway, when I arrived at 11 pm from the airport, I was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me. They booked me at a dumpy 2 star motel by the airport. They gave me $20 for a taxi to get there, and it cost me $35. I was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing/unpacking. The Millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up. No free drink, no room upgrade, nothing. Since I booked on the internet, I was chopped liver. Beware.
truthful ||| negative ||| The service was reasonably well...they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily. The location was fine being that it was central to the city but I found out that it was also a tremendous drawback. It was interesting that the survey I took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response "Quiet". My visit was anything but, mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor, facing the street. I awoke at 4 a.m. and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the L train that sounded as though it was just outside my window. Not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting. At check-out when I informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said, " Ah, city noise."
fake ||| positive ||| The Affinia Chicago is a wonderful place to stay, my husband and I stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time. The rooms were very well organized and comfortable, the staff there are very friendly, and the food there is more then amazing. we are defiantly going back next year.
truthful ||| positive ||| We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender, everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful, and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated, too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries, but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day!
fake ||| negative ||| After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago, I left the city with an empty pocket book. I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific, i didn't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus. I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu. When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money? I basically felt overcharged for the so called 'extras' included in the package i purchased. One other thing, the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler.
truthful ||| negative ||| Swisses Chicago: Nice, but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the Chicago waterfront. A spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city, but don't plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning. No free WiFi here ,or affordable breakfast, or a free swim in the pool. Just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet, an on average $25 plate for breakfast, and another 15 bucks a night for the "fitness center." I've stayed in small town no star motels where WiFi is free as part of a 50 dollar room. Get with it - this is 2009! No free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and don't need it anyway, but for those of us who aren't charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated. Coffee, milk, OJ; stale donuts, ,muffins, maybe some cereal. Throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby. With regards to swimming, this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till 10 pm plan accordingly. This all makes the $6 Fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain. Summation: Drop the fees, the nickel dimming of folks, and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at the hotel during the Dave Matthews Caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty/dirty from being at an outdoor concert with 200,000 of my closest friends. I used half a bottle of shampoo the first night. The second night, the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo. I informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately. I got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap (hand soap) for the bath/shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place, nicely displayed, but with the EXACT SAME bottle of shampoo that was now 1/8 full. Yeah!! The hotel is in a great location to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave....I'll grant them that....but that's where their "pros" end. I'd rather stay at a Hampton Inn. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
fake ||| positive ||| This is a great place to stay while visiting Chicago. My husband and I went over the holidays to see my family and we stayed at this hotel. We could not have asked for nicer people! Everyone was always smiling and very helpfull! We usually stay at the Ramada...but will never stay anywhere other than the InterContinental Chicago hotel again! - Casey L. Skinner
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away. We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city, downtown Chicago. The hotel itself was very elegant and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod. I would definitely stay with them again.
fake ||| negative ||| James Chicago would be one of the worst hotels I have ever been to in my life! Even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic, its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible. They gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago! I figured it was because the hotel was busy but I started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service. The television was not working at all. I was extremely disapointed, especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax. Sadly, i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment. The Wifi was a bust. Absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall. I am never going to James Hotel ever again!
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it. It is so conveniently located close to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The staff was very helpful and the room was great. It was definitely worth every penny! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| Guys trip to Chicago, scored this hotel on Priceline for $100 a night. Had a little confusion over the bed situation at first. They said they only had kings available even after I had called and requested 2 doubles. After a 30 minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with 2 doubles. The room was nice, nothing specacular, a little on the small side but nice. The lobby was beautiful to look at but that's about it. Hotel is within walking distance to Soldier Field, Sears Tower, ESPN Zone, and lots of bars and restaurants. Great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip. Would definately try and stay at this hotel again.
truthful ||| positive ||| I arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious, great beds, pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping, spa's, Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it.
fake ||| negative ||| My daughter wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago for her 21st birthday recently, and I wanted to find the best hotel for her experience. I looked at the hotel website and really like Hotel Allegro's insistence in supplying organic fare and in-room spa services, so I booked us for a Friday and Saturday night. Upon arriving, the demeanor of the hotel staff was rude and distant. Not enough to warrant a verbal complaint, but enough to make my daughter and I feel uneasy. After check-in, which took at least 20 minutes due to severe under-staffing, we headed to our room trying to be optimistic. Our room was much smaller than the photos on the hotel site suggested, the sink faucet in the bathroom was leaky enough to make a constantly irritating sound, and we only had a stock of 2 towels, which were never replaced during our stay. We made sure to spend as much time exploring the city as possible just to avoid going back to the hotel. It was a huge disappointment, for me as the customer and for my daughter as the birthday girl. I highly discourage anyone from staying at this hotel. There are much better choices in the Chicago area.
fake ||| positive ||| When my sister got married last summer, our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco, so it's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax! The kids ADORED the indoor pool, Billy couldn't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path, and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day. The reception dinner at Shula's Steakhouse was fun and delicious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit!
truthful ||| negative ||| I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel. It seems as though I had the same experience as "Judy L." I read her review and thought "that's exactly what happened to me!" Here's what happened: The good news: The actual event was great. Most notably, the food was absolutely incredible; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food. The same goes for the cake, which was made by Take the Cake. The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good. The bad news: Michelle, the Director of Catering, honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare. While we were negotiating the contract, she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls; after the contract was signed, it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered, to schedule the tasting, etc. She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email, and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time. I assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding, but they actually got even worse. Michelle just could not get it together, and if it weren't for my wedding coordinator's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right, I don't know what would have happened. Thus, if it weren't for Michelle's inability to do her job, I would have had a great experience. But, as it is, when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel, I unfortunately have very negative thoughts. And that's incredibly disappointing, considering it was a major part of the best night of my life.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep.
truthful ||| positive ||| Awesome hotel, our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish, trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool, etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value.
truthful ||| positive ||| Location, location, location. What a great find! Excellent, well-run, small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it. Rooms are good-sized and clean; good bed and shower with tub. The air conditioner, as mentioned in other reviews, is noisy, but it's a minor complaint. The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge. The on site restaurant is great. The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze. You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan. I would not have a moment's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future; in fact, I wouldn't book anywhere else.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers a couple nights ago. The service was excellent!! As soon as i stepped through the door they grabbed my bags, and were helping me choose the best hotel room for me! I loved there service and the room was gorgeous! I highly recommend it for anyone, and there prices aren't as bad as others. I loved the experience and I'm sure next time I'm in the area I'll visit again!
fake ||| positive ||| Everything you would would expect from a top-notch hotel and exceeded by the service. The trendy decor and easy to access dining gave us a 'second-wind' pick up after a day of sight-seeing. This hotel is definitely the place that I want to come back to. By the time we left after 4 days and 3 nights, my wife and I wished we had more time to enjoy the restaurant a few more times and the delightful Swiss flare. One of the things we enjoyed the most was seeing the water from our window. The feeling of being pampered can only come from the very gracious hotel staff and this hotel is number 1 in my mind.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel was incredible! Haven't had a better stay in a hotel in my life. I will definitely come here again next time I am in Chicago! The rooms were so elegant, with their modern color schemes. The staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand. The beds were surprisingly comfortable, with interesting covers. The TVs were HD, which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before. There was a cool martini bar that I spent an hour at one night, which was enjoyable, especially because of the live jazz band
fake ||| negative ||| I had such high hopes when I booked a stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago a few short weeks ago. When I arrived I should have known things would not be as I expected them to be. The host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that I was there. When I finally got checked in and arrived in my room I found that the temperature in the room was far too hot. The air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot, muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room. I turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down. Since I arrived in the early afternoon I decided to order room service from the Nix Restaurant that is in the hotel, I ordered the Gooey Triple Decker Grilled Cheese, at $14 I was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich I had ever eaten. When it finally arrived, more than an hour later, it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey! It also comes with a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup which, needless to say was also cold. For the quality of the food, $14 was way too much to pay for this meal. After a meeting with clients we stopped by the Martini Bar for drinks. The waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve. Needless to say it took forever to get our drinks. We heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well. Finally we got our drinks, we all ordered a French Martini. We all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered, it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very, very tart. At $14 each you would think it would be made to perfection, far from it. The evening finally over I went back to my room where I now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have. After a miserable night I checked out glad to be done with the Knickerbocker Hotel!
fake ||| positive ||| Fantastic Hotel! Upscale and luxurious, and in a great location! Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty! The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for! My husband and I had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and can't wait to get back there myself!
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at ICH Chicago for business in November of 2006 and loved it. As a Royal Ambassador member, they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and 2 bathrooms! My upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table. They even had a nice young lady escort me to my room. The suite was beautifully furnished and had an Art Deco feel to it. The only thing I regretted was that I only stayed one night. I will definitely stay here on my next visit.
fake ||| negative ||| The Ambassador East Hotel is a pretty girl with a bad heart. As i was staying for a few nights I notied may problems with the service of this expensive,cold hotel.First the room sevice was poorly helpful, the bag boy insisted on a tip, and also droped my bag. The chefs cooking was terriable,the steak that I spent 35 dollars on was suppost to be rare, but came to me burnt. The room was not what you pay for, the beds were like a sack of rocks. And to top it off the covers smelled like smoke. I will never give the Ambassador East Hotel another chance.
fake ||| positive ||| The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels. The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone. The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers, dancers,actors etc. The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated, as were the common areas and hallways. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area.
fake ||| negative ||| Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in, when not gazing the "sites" in Chicago. Boy was I wrong, When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk. Finally, after about 20 minutes, I was approached with no apology for my wait. While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied, I was given a less spacious room, one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids, and was told they would voucher my meals that day. My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that. When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar. Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.
truthful ||| negative ||| After Leaving some important documents in the room, I called and asked for the lost and found department... SEVEN TIMES over the course of a week. Eventually I had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected. Finally , a deceivingly friendly operator PROMISED me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes, It never happened. So Avoid this place because after they rip you off once they'll keep doing it later. They cannot be trusted at their word
fake ||| negative ||| The room was very pretty, and the location is great, but the hotel is so big and they don't have the staff to take care of everything. The heating in our room was loud, making it difficult to sleep. The gym is not big enough, and the hotel parking garage is very expensive. The hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in. We didn't get great service at the hotel bar, and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area. Later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at, and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there. The next morning, the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room.
fake ||| positive ||| A hotel made for royalty. Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of, it is an amazing experience! It's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago, and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience. The customer service was fantastic, as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own. A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again!
fake ||| negative ||| I recently had the displeasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago. Although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites, my experience was anything but pleasent. First of all, they tell you that check in time is at 3pm. Well I arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready. After waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready, I decided to go settle in. The carpets in the room smelled old and musty. Additionally, the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips, scratches, and dents in the furniture. Although the bed was comfortable, I just couldn't get over the musty smell coming from the carpet. It was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and I did not have a very good nights sleep. All in all, my experience was not the worst I've ever had, but far from anything worth writing home about.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Monaco-Chicago back in April. I was in town on business, and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine. Having spent a weekend there, I have no idea what my friend was talking about. The complimentary morning coffee was weak; the fitness room was dimly lit; and I thought I'd have to have my clothes mailed back to me when I used their supposed "overnight" laundry service for a suit I spilled some wine on. My room was adequate, but nowhere near what I've seen elsewhere at this price point. Recent renovation must be slang for "everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive." The mattress in my room was incredibly firm, and I slept poorly. When I travel, I expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home. At most hotels, I receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations. This was an exception to my usual, and I won't be back anytime soon.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out!
truthful ||| positive ||| We paid $75 a night through Priceline, which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large, clean and had a couch, easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and, well, we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way. We ate at the lobby restaurant, which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads, so I don't know if the food, in general, is good or not. The Cobb was so-so. Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept. We hated to leave!
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed for 2 nights at The James, wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops. Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean, had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo, mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotion. Hotel is also "pet friendly". There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel is beautiful, it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it. The location is wonderful,it is close to magnificent mile and the Navy pier, which was a great place to show the children on our vacation. We had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car,and the valet was very nice and helpful. I also take my work with me everywhere I go,So the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus. They have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing. This place is great for the price, due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is. This is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime!
truthful ||| positive ||| If you're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop, The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you. It's centrally located, stylish rooms and attentive staff. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything. The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows, large flat screen tv, radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean. Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. My last day there, I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time, the kitchen called to see if everything was alright. I have never had that kind of follow up service. I've stayed at the Palomar in DC, another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too. I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination.
truthful ||| positive ||| The thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable. The room was very clean, the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot. Other than that it was a great place to stay.
fake ||| negative ||| Eww! What a sickening affair; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong. I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms. I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee... I stayed in Chicago for a week; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night!
fake ||| positive ||| My family and I stayed here while we were visiting Chicago. This was a perfect location to many of the things we wanted to do and was easy to get around. It was in a safe neighborhood and was great accomodations. The staff was friendly and went the "extra mile" to make sure we had everything we needed. The beds were comfortable. We would definitely stay here again.
truthful ||| negative ||| great expectations from the hotel of THE FUGITIVE! Wonderful lobby! AND THAT'S IT! The room was old in style and furnitures, the tv was from the other century, no minibar, no wireless internet, no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room, those guys ignore that we are in the era of IPAD without cable connections. small room, small bathroom, rude service room. they have lost my credit card number and want CASH ON DELIVERY for a breakfast of 20 dollars. Robbery in the business center, 0,59 cents a MINUTE for internet connection, you have to pay to use word, or excel. NEVER AGAIN!
truthful ||| positive ||| We had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the Hilton - I am so glad we did the hotel was clean, hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing. We knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny.
fake ||| negative ||| I really wish I could say that I liked this hotel, but the whole experience was just plain awful. My first warning sign should have been when I made my reservation. The person I spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing. At first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel, and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel I was actually wanting, he booked me for the wrong dates. He read me the right dates, and it was only when I called back two days later to confirm that I found out he'd given me the wrong dates. Hilton did get it fixed, but I already had a bad feeling about my stay. Then came actually staying at the hotel. The people at the check-in desk were downright rude. Then there was the room. I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room, but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The hotel staff refused to believe me, but did let me change rooms to one that didn't smell of cigarettes. However, I might as well have stayed in the first room. I was short towels, and it took four calls(over a period of 12 hours) to the front desk to get some. The sheets had not been changed, made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them. Yes, I was able to get fresh sheets, but like the towels, it took several hours for them to be delivered. Since this is a pet friendly hotel, lucky me I got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs. The walls were so paper thin, all I could hear all night was barking. When I complained about it, the staff refused to believe me, and said that the walls of the room are so thick I shouldn't be able to hear anything from next door. Yeah right. I was excited to use the pool, but just like my room, it hadn't been cleaned recently. Then, I tried the fitness center. Half the equipment was broken. I tried to cut my stay short, but of course this hotel wouldn't work with me at all. They even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness I had to deal with. I will never stay with Hilton again, and I will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was.
truthful ||| negative ||| I have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel. I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift. When my parents arrived, they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly. My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip. Additionally, my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking. When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop. When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN.
fake ||| negative ||| After booking a room over two months in advance at the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Watertower and confirming my reservation twice, I arrived to find that the front desk staff had 'no record' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that I had reserved. When I asked to speak to a manager, it took almost half an hour for him to turn up. He did finally give me a room at the rate that I had been promised, but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience. The room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay. Not worth the rate though. The website really makes this hotel seem upscale, clean, and well decorated, but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby. The staff's response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell (which could only mean it hadn't been cleaned properly) was met with contempt. They did move me, but I did not get an apology. Will not stay again.
truthful ||| negative ||| Ok, I just feel if you're paying well over $200 for a room you should get something to show for it. The location was on Michigan Ave but if I pay just a little more I could have had way better (Peninsula, Park Hyatt, shoot the Omni was 10x better). We ordered a deluxe executive suite, and it was so below sub par. The room was very small (so small the ice bucket was in the closet), the bathroom was just as small, just well lit (a plus). Wallpaper was peeling, outlets barely covered, no view. The only thing appealing was the bed, and that may have been because I was so tired. And we were really excited because this is the Palmer House. The Palmer House does have nice restaurants: the Lockwood (quiet, distinguished) and the Potter's Lounge (grown/sexy)
truthful ||| positive ||| We had a king deluxe room for 2 nights. We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount. We paid $180/nt. We enjoy boutique hotels, as they have so much more personality and personal service. This hotel was no exception. Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean, well decorated, spacious and quiet. We were offered at check-in a room with a view, but warned it was across from the elevator, so we decided to take the quiet, large room with no view. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater. We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect (we like to walk). We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience. We ate room service for breakfast each morning, and the food was good and the portions were quite large. We would definitely stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park, the Loop and Michigan Ave.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means. Incompetent service. Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday. Elevators were very slow, waited 10 minutes on any given event. Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night. Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points. Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful. No free wireless and no free cable channels. Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use. With http://hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect.?.... Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives.
truthful ||| positive ||| Dispite what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed.
fake ||| positive ||| Upon entering the Hotel Monaco CHicago, i could see the beauty of a classically elegant building. The old fashioned furnishings, the wonderful view, and the polished wood decorating the entore hotel. At first i had been skeptical, but any doubts i had carried into the hotel were gone. As i entered my room, the fresh flowers and the amazing Chicago view greeted me. During my stay i enjoyed my free time lounging by the pool, winding down every night with a comforting massage. I would recommend this hotel not only for the pure elegance, but for the wonderful customer service and the fantastic amenities.
truthful ||| positive ||| took a weekend trip with my wife. got a great rate with valet included, paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room. staff was nice, workout facility was great. room has current decor, but was starting to show some wear. watch the concierge, she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us.
truthful ||| negative ||| The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
fake ||| negative ||| The pictures on this website sure are deceiving! In real life the Palmer House Hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be! The cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning! Now, granted it was only 15 minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but I thought that was the only weird thing I would have to put up with on that trip. It wasn't! They charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don't even drink, no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway! They also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time, so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip. We had to spend $50 extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we'd planned! And then it wasn't as good because the tour guide wasn't there and we got lost! My husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one. It was terrible! I certainly won't be staying here again!
truthful ||| negative ||| Going to the Internet Retailer 2010 at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services. First of all, from reading other reviews, now I know I got ripped @ $249 a night when Priceline folks are sniping these rooms for $79 (albiet, I got free wifi). The hotel is nice; but it can only get so nice for an oldie...no matter how much money you dump into it. Shower head was really low (I'm 6'1"), water pressure was low. It is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by (check out reviews on Yelp!) For some off reason I ended up with two double beds (they asked me a few times if I was traveling alone). If traveling here: 1 - make sure you get a better deal than I did 2 - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person 3 - Don't have super high hopes My room was neither up to par as a business class (although the 22nd floor is called the executive floor) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple...it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers (sp?) trying to save money.
fake ||| positive ||| I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel. They had nothing but nice things to say about it! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs. The rooms are decorated so nicely and they don't have that funny hotel smell. The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports. If I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel!
fake ||| positive ||| My company was hosting a seminar at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, IL. Each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel. My room had an incredible view of downtown Chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern. My husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while I attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms. On Saturday night, my company held a ball in the Crystal Ballroom. The food was excellent, the hotel chefs were the best. The servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner. Our overall stay at Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel will be forever in my memory. It was a fun filled weekend with great food, clean rooms, excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want! We will definitely be staying here again!
fake ||| negative ||| Stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful. The staff were relatively friendly, but that's where the positive aspects stop. Bed was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. Thermostat didn't work properly and the air conditioner was always 5 degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted. Even though I think $10 for 1 day of internet is RIDICULOUS, I bought it because I needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails. It was UNGODLY slow and barely better than dialup. I ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so I could actually get something done. Minibar was overpriced, as expected. Awful experience, definitely wouldn't stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| I booked a room at the Hyatt through Priceline and was able to get a rate of $45/night! Can't go wrong with that! The rooms are nice, spacious, clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need. I have to say that I have fallen in love with the Hyatt chain due to their customer service. I have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly, which you don't often see at other hotels. I used the self-check in machine, and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. Then, when she saw that my room was not on a high level, she offered to have it changed for me so that I could have a better view. I would highly recommend this hotel!
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp. We might have had a one in a million experience, but we: - were served a hairy salad (a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage); - considered our guest room tiny; - could not submerge a thigh, much less a body, in the tub (we're not obese and we're not Dexter); - endured a broken air conditioner for days (it couldn't be repaired); - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet (they fixed it that day). On a positive note, the tea from room service tasted delicious, employees were abundant and friendly, the location is great, and it's very easy to get a taxi. In the future, I would reluctantly stay here for business. I would not stay here for pleasure. I think a 20-something who hasn't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would...as a friend said to me today, "Oh, the Sofitel? That's the Hilton of France." I agree.
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I travelled to Chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff! (My brother and his wife also stayed during this period.) The front desk staff, the concierge, the Star Bucks server, the restaurant, the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful! The rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great! The bath room was a real plus ... it was huge and had everything one desires. Great view from 20th floor to Michigan Avenue below! Overall, great stay and highly recommended!
fake ||| negative ||| i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in Chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning. the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me. the room wasnt at all what i was expecting. it was dingy, dirty, and just seems like an old hotel. just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel. seemed like the quality you'd expect from a cheap motel.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the "In Room Fitness" program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again, this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel, no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool, track and locker room are free, but to use the treadmills, etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website, not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre, but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout, which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour, not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms, so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit.
truthful ||| positive ||| If you have not tried the Millennium Knickerbocker for a stay in Chicago, do it now! We have stayed (and enjoyed) at the Drake, Intercontinental and others, but we always now come back to the Knickerbocker. Why? If "Charlie" the doorman is on duty and you pull up, he will welcome you. He'll probably ask your name. Why? Because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit. Somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden, doorman, receptionist, bellman, waiter are referring to you by name. The employees are what makes this hotel. Yes, it has everything to offer like all hotels, but the others don't have the fine people (including the cleaning staff) these folks have. Try it, you will like it. We look forward to our next visit already...
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad, not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping. The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation. The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere. My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!!
truthful ||| negative ||| Here are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good location -Nice staff -Clean room Cons: -Lack of bathroom amenities (I get better items at a Holiday Inn) -Housekeeping wasn't so great... 1. A bathroom rug was taken out of my room (no idea why) and never returned it. The marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery...I had to throw towels on the ground to make sure I did not fall. 2. I was charged for items I did not take out of the minibar.
truthful ||| negative ||| The hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy. The entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding, making it dark. They charge a lot for internet hook up, wifi is not included. The staff was very slow, I am assuming they were all new. They could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby. The room was set up weird, the bathroom opened facing the bed, rather than the hall as most do. Room temp was hard to control, even though they had a digital thermostat. Overall I was very disappointed, had I been staying more than one night I would have switched hotels.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy, but an absolutely fantastic hotel.... I was in town for business and stayed here because of it's location, but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it...right on the river, cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street. Regardless- the room was clean, the staff was friendly, but NOT annoying and the bar was fun. I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD! I'll definitely try it again!
truthful ||| positive ||| This hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful.
truthful ||| positive ||| i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn,t of being any nicer. stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again ... the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue.There,s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd.there,s also a cinema 2 mins away opposite the hotel . Perfect Hotel for a great get away ...
fake ||| negative ||| DO NOT STAY HERE!! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James. We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations. What a mistake. Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website. The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled. There was also a musty odor to the room. When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude. We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I had a wonderful time at Swissotel Chicago, when my husband went for a trade fair. We got a classic double room for two nights and it was definitely worth the money. Clean and comfortable, chic and new fixtures. The view of the pier was magnificent. Staff were most helpful and prompt when we requested extra towels and pillow. It's right next to riverside restaurants and river is very pretty.
fake ||| positive ||| To whom this may concern, my name is Jamie Brown, and i was a recent guest of yours between July 4th through July 10th, and your staff made my stay so comfortable i almost didnt want to leave. The Kitchen in the room and the complimentary grocery shopping service made me rethink leaving all together and when i didnt feel like cooking the complimentary welcome home dinner with a glass of wine, helped me clear my mind for all the paper work i had to look forward to. The free wireless internet access both in my room and sitting by the pool helped get all that done and helped me get my laps in as well. I really couldn't have asked for anything more! I felt like a queen and I never though I could feel that way just staying in a hotel. I thank you so very much for treating me so kindly and I will gladly be visiting you again very soon, only for more pleasure and way less business. Sincerely yours, Jamie Brown
fake ||| negative ||| I was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel. The walls were paper thin, and I could hear conversations in the next room. This is not something I would have expected from a higher class of hotel. The room was also smaller than I would have expected for the price. We were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room, something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning. We requested new towels, but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request. The check-in process was frustrating, mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter. I don't know if she was having a bad day, or just happens to be in such a mood all the time, but either way, it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with. Overall, not a pleasant experience. I think next time, we'll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| I have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood, cost and amenities. The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open, you wouldn't know it. You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock. The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a "nicer historic hotel." I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime. It was a very frustrating experience.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Sheraton by Navy Pier the first weekend of November and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service. We were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in 3114 and 3115 adjoining. The view from both rooms was spectacular (as you can tell from the picture attached). They also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special. The hotel is central to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. so we walked, trolleyed, and cabbed all around the area. We ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good. The eggs were a little runny, but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station. Our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were $14 (instead of the adult $20) The rooms were clean, the concierge & reception staff were both friendly and helpful...we will definitely visit this Sheraton again when we're in Chicago next time.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel was gorgeous! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, comfortable and very well decorated. The restaurant/ room service was also exceptional. The food was delicious and the room service was prompt. This hotel is also in a great location. It is close to everything anyone may need, such as shopping, food and attractions.
truthful ||| negative ||| Booked a room w/ a queen bed for 2 nights for a wonderful NYE, and was rather disappointed. Bed was either the world's smallest queen, or was actually a double, not to mention it was uncomfortably springy. Some of the things in the bathroom had been previously opened and used (q-tips). Lots of noise seemed to carry through the vents as we could hear other rooms rather clearly. When the tv was off, there was a very audible high-pitched humming noise that we could not get rid of unless we unplugged the tv. Hot water was very inconsistent in the shower. It is in a great location, however, next time I will try one of the other hotels in the area like the Intercontinental or Marriott. This might not be too bad if you are passing though quickly on business, but I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic night or two.
fake ||| negative ||| What was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster. The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in...they knew we had 6! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel. When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other. After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor, unfortunately one of the rooms hadn't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around. The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating. On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5:30am. Despite my calls to the front desk, the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes. We also didn't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly. One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door. I understand they allow pets, but really...people need to clean up after their animals...or have some dog free floors. While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms, their service was terrible, the staff was rude, and I still can't get over that dog poo in the hallway. I definitely won't be staying here again.
fake ||| positive ||| Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. What I expected to be a very pleasant experience, turned out to be a stressful visit. We specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation. Upon arrival, the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful. As we had no other options, we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds. I can live with the bed situation but I truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong! There wasn't an area in the room where I did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and I cannot help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out. To add insult to injury, the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something I think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation, partial refund or related "perk" to make up for our great inconvenience. Two staff members actually acted as if I was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do! Although we paid for the breakfast package, we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense. Pardon the pun, but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel's lack of customer service! I am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but, thus far, we have received no satisfaction. Needless to say, we will not be visiting this property again! In fact, we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels.
fake ||| negative ||| I would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep. I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July. I had a select king city view room. The room was dark, with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view. I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow. The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long, so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there. When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did. I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door. They quieted down for about an hour, but then were loud again for the rest of the night. The hotel was expensive, and for the price there weren't very many special amenities. There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $10 a day. Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, as it is way overpriced for what you get.
truthful ||| positive ||| We booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $88 (unbelievable rate!) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel. The staff was so polite and catered to our every need. The room was oversized, clean, and had a large bathroom. We had a partial view of Lake Michigan, which was an added bonus. On the 42nd floor, they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides. Spectacular! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier. We can't wait to go to the Swissotel again!
fake ||| positive ||| I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Chicago back in September and we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. The place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm! Also, there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance, so I shopped while my husband worked. It just doesn't get any better than that! I loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel, and I'd definitely stay there again!
fake ||| negative ||| I had never been to Chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference. My company had arranged for me to stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel located in the center of the Magnificent Mile. Once I arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over, I was pleased but not impressed. Once I put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation. I was told that my room was not ready yet and that there'd be an hour delay. I tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if I could have another room. I was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled. I would have left, but my company had a account at this hotel. If I stayed somewhere else, I'd have to pay out of pocket. The service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker. I picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled. The leg in front on the left side was broken. I picked up my luggage and moved to another chair. Two hours passed by before I was given my room. When I walked into the room the first thing I smelled was cigarette smoke. I was mad because I explicitly asked for a "non-smoking" room. I was furious. I didn't feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and I was tried from my long flight. I sighed, tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room. I thought maybe I could use the air conditioning to freshen the room. When I went to turn it on, it didn't work. Tired and angry, I went to sleep, thinking I'll never stay at this hotel again.
fake ||| positive ||| We just returned from a relaxing stay at the InterContinental in Chicago. I have to say the service was phenomenal! From the maid to the concierge and everyone in between, the staff treated us like royalty. It was quite the treat to feel so special. Our room was gorgeous. The view of the city was breathtaking. The luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber. We found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean. My wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while I enjoyed the reliable Wi-Fi connection. During our stay we dinned in the Zest. Wow! They offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options. We had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious. Afterwards, my wife and I shared the chocolate lava cake, can I just say oh that cake is to die for! Really the best we ever had. In the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool; followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room. Afterwards, a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge. Overall, our stay at the InterContinental in Chicago was nothing short of fabulous. This luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff. We are looking forward to staying at the InterContinental again, hopeful soon!
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay), which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays, but suffice to say the doorman, housekeeping, the night manager and bartender at 676, the day waiter at 676, and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks, Omni - I had a great stay!
truthful ||| positive ||| I can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned. We stayed in room 1112, King with River View. No noise and very comfortable.The price was a bargain at $191 a night. I would stay here again. The "L" from Midway Airport lets you off about two blocks from the Hotel. It's a $2 ride - no need for a $40 taxi ride.
truthful ||| negative ||| Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
truthful ||| negative ||| I have traveled to Chicago many times for business, and so I have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons. There was nothing dramatically wrong the Sheraton, but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel. It almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs. The carpets were old, there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, towels and linens were older than I expected, the rooms were in need of some redecorating, etc. during the week I was paying $349 per night for a room, and it simply was not near the quality I expected for that price. One positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good. Plenty of aerobic machines with TVs, weights, etc. location is also quite good (perhaps the reason for the high price) with close walks to Michigan Avenue and the river. In summary, I think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown Chicago.
truthful ||| positive ||| Well located and well staffed. The Amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay. It lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by. Free continental breakfast and evening cocktail.
fake ||| negative ||| Since this was our first visit to the "windy city," we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique. We read many great reviews regarding the Kimpton brand so we gave it a go. The "go" ended up being a "no go." We were sorely disappointed. When we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice. We have two kids with us, so we needed a crib for our 6 month baby. We were told "no problem." Unfortunately, it took them about 1 or 2 hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next. Then, we noticed a bug (or bugs) near the fridge area. Yikes! We called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room (or floor!). Our request was met about 30 minutes later. By this time, we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions, we almost wanted to throw the towel in. Customer service was so lacking! We wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city, but had to wait around for our new room and the crib. This is not what we expected at all for this HIGH price! Will have to think hard before we book with a Kimpton hotel again.
fake ||| positive ||| The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation.
fake ||| positive ||| THIS HOTEL IS FANTASTIC. I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona, and could not believe the great quality of the hotel. I'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite. Really polite staff, great housekeeping, and amazing prices. On my way out, I was telling the manager about how much I'd loved the hotel, and he even offered me an extra night there! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again! The staff was rude, the room was dirty, and the decor is ugly and garish. AVOID at all costs!
truthful ||| negative ||| I want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time: The deal says "free breakfast" included in the price. However, what they don't tell you, is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit (or two)! Moreover, you need to ask for these "tickets" at the lobby when you check in - they won't give them to you automatically! We stayed there over Christmas '03, and we, and I noticed several guests who bought the same package, had a rather unpleasant experience! The hotel is nice though, if you don't consider their lousy service!
fake ||| positive ||| The Hyatt Regency Chicago is a wonderful hotel. :) Me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation, and it couldn't have been better! The staff was very polite and helpful, and the rooms were very clean, and they had some of the best beds I've ever slept on! Not to mention the view was amazing! If I had to rate this hotel I'd definitely give it five star, next time I'm in town I will most definitely stay there again!
fake ||| negative ||| The Swissotel Chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist's paradise, a hotel so grand and luxurious that you'd rather stay than return home at the end of your trip. But is it really as magnificent as suggested? True, you can get a massage, the rooms have flat screen T.V.s and iPod docks, heck, there's even a gym. But the truth is, you're really paying much more for a few things you don't really need. The Swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur, when really, all you're getting is a Holiday Inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mp3 player. Overpriced dining options are available at the Palm Restaurant. They claim to serve excellent lobster, yet what I ordered was the size of a craw fish, and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth. This hotel hides behind a velvet curtain, hoping their facade won't be revealed.
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed this hotel for 2 nights. I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I've seen. Upon entering the building, you can easily see that it is clean and high class. The lobby was nice, and everything seemed as it should be. However, as soon as I made it into my room, it was completely different than everything previous to it. It was dirty, visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom. The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I've been to. There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants. When I called the front desk about these issues, they sent someone up to fix it. I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning, they were still at it! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors. The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done. As I was too tired, I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead. I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me.
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city.
truthful ||| negative ||| As a frequent traveler for work, I stay at many SPG properties. Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago, this is by far the worst. Why? 1) They charge you to use the gym. $12 per day or something like $24 for your entire stay. I can't even begin on what a rip off that is. 2) As a Gold or Platinum member, you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room. They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one. 3) They do not have wireless internet. It is 2010- enough said. To charge you at least over $200 a night, all the above amenities should be built into that cost. I would never stay here again.
fake ||| positive ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel, particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv's. The windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room, before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows, which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom. An in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay. There's even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince. However, the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use, as well as the whirlpool, Jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool. Sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks. A nice aspect that isn't so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel. The Omni Chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation, particularly when you don't want to be separated from your pet, within the area.
fake ||| positive ||| I am writing about my recent stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I just wanted to let you know what a wonderful team you have working there. Everyone from check-in to check-out couldn't have been more helpful or personable. It made my mundane business trip a very pleasureable one. The hotel is spotless, very comfortable and the restaurant is one of Chicago's finest. You really offer the finest quality in both product and service. The only complaint I have is that internet access is not free. I would just like to mention one person in particular- Sofie. She worked on the front desk and she went above and beyond to make my stay as smooth as possible. She even helped me out with taxi services and local recommendations. I shall look forward to returning next month. Thank you. Yours, P. Grady
fake ||| negative ||| I was very disappointed with this hotel. The front desk clerk was rude; she was on a personal call and took 10 mins. to get off the phone. When I arrived in the room the bed wasn't made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty. I called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment(on the twelveth floor). Once downstairs the clerk treated me as though I had done something wrong. When I arrived in the new room I found the bathroom less than clean... There was hair all over the floor, toilet and shower. The shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror. My allergies started to bother me, immediately upon entering the room, so I checked the filter in the air conditioner. Which looked like it had never been cleaned.The comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum. While waiting on acceptable room I went to dinner. Which proved to be as bad as the rooms. The lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy. The steak was rare and I asked for medium. Not to mention, it tasted like rotten meat.The veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry. To top the whole experience off... When I went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a 2 day hospital stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| Rude, rude, rude! We stayed here on July 4th weekend. We drove from Michigan, we called customer service to get directions from I-95 w/c is a major highway to Chicago-- calling them from a cellphone, telling them we're in a middle of a storm and that we're lost....we were put on hold, forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again. Giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a 7-11 store. When we finally arrived at the hotel at 2 am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves. Checking in we were not greeted by anyone, even the receptionist did not greet us!! no welcome to the knickerbocker, nothing! The man at the reception was rude, which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has. The guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at 2 am!! Well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there 2 hours earlier. The room is not even spectacular, very small, probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet. Stay here at your own risk.
truthful ||| positive ||| I recently stayed at this hotel with my family (10-1 / 10-3). We had a terrific experience. I landed the hotel through Priceline for $80 per night and paid an additional $75 per night for a suite on the 41st floor. My two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the 42nd floor was easily accessible. I found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating. I would love to stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals. I checked in late (almost 10pm) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- Atlanta. I took the shuttle to the airport (best option in lieu of the over priced taxis), and it was my first time staying at the hotel. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the entrance, which appeared very welcoming and warm to me. I checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if I'd prefer a king or double (reconfirming my reservation preference). I always take the king when I can, and the bed was fantastic! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down & feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory -- I checked the tags, since I plan to buy some! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria, which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and YES, it does stand out all on it's own. The food is Asian fusion, and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie, I appreciate great food when I taste it! The hotel service was good as well. Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely. They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet, which tasted a bit 'metallic'. But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet. I would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view (if you can get a room with one), fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet.
fake ||| negative ||| I went to the Homewood Suites in Chicago which is part of Hilton's famous hotels. I gotta say that this is the worst hotel that I have ever been to. In fact, Homewood Suites is the worst hotel on the face of this planet. I checked out the rooms and their rooms look like the hotel was built in bad shape. In fact, the rooms looked so bad that I wanted to leave the hotel early. I also got to check out the employees who worked for this hotel. I saw one of the employees and when I rung the bell for my room, they ignored me. How could a hotel have the worst service when they are supposed to not ignore you? One more thing that I hate about this hotel is that the logo didn't look like the actual logo. It looked more like the logo was changed to look more like something a baby could draw. I'll never go to this hotel again and it won't even be in a million years for that matter. This is a hotel that I will never recommend to anyone because of everything the hotel has to offer.
truthful ||| positive ||| We booked this hotel for the second leg of our Chicago stay..it was great!!!! The Lion King package was pricey but reasonable, given the ticket costs and the Suite. Room was great....classical music greeted us when we entered our room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. NYTimes and Chicago Tribune at your door every morning. One block from the Washington El train station. We never saw the small rooms that every one apparently doesn't like, but the Suite rooms were fun and our kids loved it. Dunkin Doughnuts and Corner Bakery down the block. City Hall, Picasso structure....this was a great place. Book it and also use the Golden Touch Limo service...reasonable. Omar is a super guy.
truthful ||| negative ||| My husband and I stayed overnight at the Affinia. Prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel; not true. Since it was a very special occasion, and also because we were only staying overnight, we didn't let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend. However, this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences. I've ever had. First, the smells: The linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy. The odors were not mild, and I found it pretty repulsive. I couldn't wait to jump out of bed in the morning, to get away from the odors. Hard to sleep and certainly didn't want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary. I didn't discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed. At that point, I chose not to contact housekeeping because (a) I was exhausted, and (b) I didn't want to upset my husband, who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. Also, the bathroom smelled like vinegar. Perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by Affinia, but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did. Incidentally, the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days; not a well-maintained property. Second, the elevators: If you stay above the first few floors, there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar. With so many floors to service, and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday, these elevators took forever to come, and were often full they did. Annoying. Also, on one occasion, there were several bottles (water and soda) left in the elevator; clearly, the maintenance crew doesn't inspect and clean the common areas frequently. Finally, and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived. First, when we booked, we asked for as quiet a room as possible. The hotel is located near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. But, its proximity to Michigan Ave., and the lack of accomodations elsewhere (due to the Transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end), led us to stay here anyway. At check-in, the clerk noted our request, and said our room was quiet room since it was not "next to the elevators." When we arrived at our room, we discovered that we were across from the elevators. Obviously, she was technically correct that we weren't next to the elevators, but it was still so close (15-20 feet) that we could hear the elevator noise. Also, since it was a special occasion, we asked if we could upgrade. The disingenuous, snarky, condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade. Clearly, the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels, this is a matter of routine, not exception. Pretty awful experience all the way around. Other reviewers must have very low expectations. Can't explain any of the good reviews otherwise.
fake ||| negative ||| During my latest business trip, both me and my wife recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in Chicago,Illinois, at one of their Deluxe suites. Unfortunately, and I think I speak for both of us, we were not fully satisfied with the hotel. The hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations, and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures, the service is certainly sub-par. When one plans a stay at such an establishment, they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in. First of all, the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on, the air coming out seemed musty. Second of all, the fitness center was only open until 10:30 pm. For people who like to exercise after dinner, this can certainly be a problem. Especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight. For these, as well as other similar reasons, I would not recommend this hotel, if one is looking for luxury accommodations.
truthful ||| positive ||| Booked via Priceline.com for a weekend getaway and got the room for $75 per night. When we arrived via Midway we took the Orange Line to within a block of the hotel for just $2. Hotel easy to find. Never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood/area. Saw very few homeless or panhandlers. Walked all over the place. Great location and hotel is about a $5-$6 cab ride from most major attractions/shopping/restaurants. Hotel is almost gawdy with colors/decor, but it's not that different from a cruise ship decor. It was not annoying decor by any means. Check in was painless and the service was great! Heard NO noise whatsoever...the reports of "thin walls" are greatly exaggerated. The walls are all concrete and thick...we heard NOTHING both nights we were there! Highly recommend this hotel! Rooms are small but not crowded for two people...they are old style hotel rooms..very classic
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago and we can't wait to go back! The hotel is located in downtown Chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city, we were close to everything. The Hard Rock Hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking. The room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings. The bed was heavenly. The hotel staff was friendly, upbeat and extremely helpful, we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both. I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago and I would stay there again in a heartbeat.
fake ||| positive ||| I was going to Chicago last month and wanted a nice hotel that was close to restaurants and shops. I did some research and believed the InterContinental would suit my needs. I sure was not disappointed by my decision! This hotel lots of historic charm. Despite being a larger hotel, the service was top shelf! The rooms, while not large by any means, were extremely well-appointed and very comfortable. My kids loved the big swimming pool that the hotel offered. As for me, I was more impressed with the location to the Magnificent Mile. The hotel also has a nice restaurant on-site. The food was very good and, just like the hotel itself, the restaurant provided perfect customer service. Dollar for dollar, the InterContinental in Chicago is a great deal and I will be staying there again.
truthful ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October, 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return. We booked our room through a safety convention web site.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel. There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms, Lakeside view or suites. It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill. You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff. The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap. Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I went to Chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at Hyatt Regency. 'Hyatt Regency Chicago' has ruined our family holiday weekend. First of all, if you are not a diamond or platinum member, you need to reserve the room atleast 10-15 days in advance. You have to pay extra $20 for the welcome credit option. They will give you a credit of $75 for the 2 days. We only used $20 and the rest was forefeited. I talked to the manager and he said we can't use it on our next visit. The management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people. When you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free, Hyatt Regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi. Beware of this place, if you want to enjoy your weekend in Chicago, Hyatt Regency should be the last place you should consider staying. Thanks Sam.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton. I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest. This Hilton is not up to par. It's clean and the front desk staff is nice, but in Chicago, The Drake, Doubletree Guest Suites, and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton (and less expensive). Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago, the rooms were not as well appointed, the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice, the TV was tiny, the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long, and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel. If you're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels, you can do far better than this place.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel, in downtown Chicago. During my three days there I experienced the worst service of my life! We made reservations before-hand and upon arrival our room was already booked. It took us nearly two hours to actually get into our room (After being given the wrong key!). When we entered the room, the sheets were stained with what seemed to be cherry kool-aid. I am going to assume that it wasn't. After a night on the town we were bummed for money by three homeless men outside the hotel. After arriving in our room and hoping for a nice hot shower, we found a note on our door with a "sorry" note explaining they didn't have any hot water. Early the next morning we were awoken by housekeeping (we had a DND sign on our door). So we decided to wake up and go out for breakfast. Comes to find out our car was broken into in their parking garage. We filed a police report and the police asked the managers for a video of the surveillance. Unfortunately for us their surveillance was out of memory to record anymore. Needless to say we left early the next day and I will never return to such a dreadful hotel ever again.
fake ||| positive ||| After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels, I can definitely say i will be coming back. They offer so many in room amenities and services, Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be. My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered, I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
truthful ||| positive ||| Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night, it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient, courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops, restaurants and the subway.
fake ||| positive ||| Very nice hotel, better than expected. The hot breakfast is great in the morning, but the Dinner at night goes above and beyond (even free wine!) The rooms are pretty good size, well furnished, and clean. I liked the view from my room. I used the fitness center and although did not have everything I would have liked, was adequate. I will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view. The staff was friendly and helpful; being my first time in Chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| First stepping foot on the hotel propety I could tell it was a negative place, Seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be Vice Lords all aroung the property. Not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang, It's just the way they was acting, drinking the hotels cheepest wine, they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell's angels was to some concerts. Walking in the hotel i oder hit me. It smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled, only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine. I looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place. Me being a high class bizness man, I decided to leave.
truthful ||| positive ||| I just enjoyed a 3-day weekend at the Swissotel Chicago. A friend of mine booked it and got a GREAT rate. Cheaper than even a fleabag motel. So keep an eye out for specials. The view was great, the location was prime. The staff was helpful. The room was large (we had 2 double beds). I only have one complaint. Our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees (I think) would sneak off to talk on the phone. The sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day. Fortunately, the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn't like it kept us up at night. It was just a little weird. Overall, a great stay and I will definitely stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago with my wife. I was on business but I thought I'd take her so we could see the city as well. Chicago was great, The Allegro...not so much. I mean it looked nice, great lobby and all. The service wasn't so great though. The clerk was a younger girl who seemed a bit rude. Like we were bothering her and interrupting her day by wanting to book a weekend. The bell hop took our bags to our room, none to gently. My wife and I watched as he threw our luggage on the floor in our room. Which wasn't that bad till he actually asked for a tip! Our room was okay. The bed was sort of rough and made a odd plastic rubbing noise every time you moved. The next day my wife went out and returned to find our room wasn't cleaned. Our trip to the Chicago had it's nice moments, all outside the hotel. The Hotel Allegro seemed like they spent too much on the appearance and neglected to staff it better. I won't stay there again.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed at this hotel for a weekend and I thought it was really nice. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very clean. The room also had a beautiful view. It had everything you could possibly need. I almost didn't want to leave the room. It was definitly worth the price. I would go back. The clientel was also very helpful.
fake ||| positive ||| This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service. If you're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort, I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again!
truthful ||| negative ||| WARNING: FOOD POISONING ALERT!!! The room was dirty, the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on. The elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it. They hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for. What was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick. The one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue. The second night we left and went to another hotel which was 80 bucks cheaper and 100 times nicer. DO NOT STAY HERE
fake ||| positive ||| The windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury. With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking. This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire. with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best. With it over looking the great Chicago area. So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff.
truthful ||| negative ||| The Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding, fancy decorations, beautiful lobby, etc. However, they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail. When I checked in, I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar, only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm. I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it. In the meantime, I said, great, but what about a cold drink? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service, without asking me if this would be okay. I paid $25 for 1 glass of wine. The minibar bottle would've given me 2 glasses for about $33. Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference. When I called to complain, I was made to feel cheap. To me, it was not the money, it was the principle. The next morning, my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar. I had not. I called, and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something (duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it), and they took the charge off. They also took $10 off my room service bill, but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged. Also, when they fixed the minibar fridge, they did not replace anything in it. The guy said, it'll take a while for things to cool down. Oh, really? How about the warm beer, that was once cold, that will now taste disgusting? I guess they're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea. Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work. When I plugged it in, it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off, and then it never would come on. It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful, without worrying about each customer's experience. I don't think they go into the rooms and check them out. And their sta
truthful ||| positive ||| This is a great find for downtown Chicago. The price is right and the staff are excellent. As noted, there is construction going on around the hotel, but I didn't notice any issues that disturbed sleeping. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor, and was gladly given one. The lobby is small, the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel. The concierge, Stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations (along with a complimentary appetizer). We had a standard room, and it was spacious, tastefully decorated--everything we needed. The bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the MP3 compatible radio was a nice perk. Just can't say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet. Would definitely stay here again.
truthful ||| negative ||| Three nights there on business. Hadn't realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement, very bleak. Told the front desk that I hadn't realized about the construction, so I'd have to switch hotels, they said they were still going to charge me for 3 nights. So I stayed. TV didn't work. Tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me...eventually after I called again, a few hours later, a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it. Long and complicated experience at the business center (which doesn't open until 9am, BTW), where I ended up paying $45 to print 55 pages. Had to buy these cards, and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway, (and charging me for them). I was left with $22 on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the Swissotel in Chicago, 2000 miles from where I live. I asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that. Nice room, nice view, but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad. Worst experience I've ever had at a hotel when traveling for business.
truthful ||| positive ||| We spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience. As described in previous reviews. the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding. Service was excellent overall (I especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service). The door and bellmen/women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. We had completely satisfactory (though overpriced) drinks in the bar but didn't eat at the restaurant. The health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained. While there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers, I never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a Chicago winter! One minor quibble--I like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker. The restaurant offered free coffee "to-go" but only before eight AM. This is a very, very comfortable, attractive hotel in a wonderful location. Chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money.
fake ||| positive ||| Amalifa Hotel in Chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience. I was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service. I will definitely be returning for another stay!
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that!
truthful ||| negative ||| this is my letter to the management..... Sir or Madam: I am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the Amalfi. We were a guest from 11/20 to 11/23. During our stay we used the "Valet" Service operated through Standard Parking. Our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments. Much to my chagrin, $44/day valet service did not include proper security/monitoring, despite the premium over "self park". I understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel, but I would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation. This was not the case. I hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests
truthful ||| negative ||| My husband and I and our 10 month old took a quick trip to Chicago. We stayed one night at The Palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel. I guess I am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel. Yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small I couldn't set up a pack and play for my son. I had to call and "upgrade" my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep. The lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a Holiday Inn. The wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty. I will NEVER stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| When my husband and I went to Amalfi Hotel we were expecting first class service. First, when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked. Room service took forever and the food was subpar. Supposedly they had planners to help explore the area, but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner. The spa staff seemed incompetent. The only positive things I can say about Amalfi Hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised. I give this hotel two stars.
fake ||| negative ||| A few weeks ago we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The hotel was a bust from the get go. As we arrived in the lobby, we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up. (We could hear her talking in the back for 5 minutes.) When she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful. We had to wander around the halls looking for our room. Once we got to our room, we thought the weekend was going to get better. The rooms are modern and nicely designed. That was about all that this hotel had going for it though. As soon as we started to explore the room more, it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before. The bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it. We called a worker and they cleaned most of it up, but the thought of it still remained. As we all settled down to sleep, there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door. After about an hour, we finally made a call to the front desk to complain. The woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in Chicago. They were staying there the next 2 nights. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! It's a hard rock hotel all right. (At least that's what the beds feel like!)
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago on our 1st anniversary tripped and had a WONDERFUL experience thanks to the staff. Not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance, but they rooms were also clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and accommodated our requests. We'll definitely be staying here again next time we visit Chicago! Also if you stay you MUST eat at The Restaurant. Fabulous food!
truthful ||| negative ||| We recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago illinois, while the hotel was nice please take my advice and do not stay here. I payed cash for the room and handed over my credit card for incedentals ($50.00) the next day my debit card was charged $200 clearly this had to be a mistake...i called the hotel manager who was the rudest person i have ever spoken with about the charge and was told that it was my fault i paid cash and that i could give him my bank account, routing, SS # and authorization code and he could call my bank and take care of it. Clearly i am smart enough not to give this information to anyone yet alone someone who had already taken more then should have been charged. I then called corporate to complain and let them know about the situation the only thing corporate could tell me is that they had already credited my account and that they were sorry and it was clearly my mistake. I then questioned them about the manager asking for all my information if they had already credited my account and they told me they didnt have an answer for me. So for your bank accounts sake do not stay here they are many other options in chicago
truthful ||| negative ||| Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place. The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show. Oh, and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day. And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee, a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in. And once you're there, check in is very fast, i'll grant them that. This hotel is a big, crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).
fake ||| negative ||| I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife. We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I can't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was. When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday (check-in is 3pm), our room was not ready. We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room. Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray. Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room. We decided to just go out for an early dinner. After arriving back to our room around 9pm, our key didn't work. We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one. The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7:30 in the morning! Why would you try to clean the room that early??!! The 'do not disturb' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay. After that early wakeup, we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned. The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked. Eventually we did get a new room but I didn't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so. Our new room was fairly nice, and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful, but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won't stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| The Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to! I booked a non-smoking room online, and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed. After going in my room, I smelled heavy smoke smell. It was really bad. I called the front desk about the issue, and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets. The carpet was also dirty. I would never book at that Hyatt again!
truthful ||| positive ||| We loved the Talbott. The location was fabulous...very close to the shopping. The hotel is smaller, but the rooms are very nice. They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds. The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you. The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers, etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe. I would highly recommend the hotel. We were there with our daughters; ages 10 and 13.
truthful ||| negative ||| I booked this hotel for my family of 4 to stay overnight to see the Magnificent Mile Christmas Lights Parade. I chose it because it had a sofa sleeper and one bed. We arrived at our hotel around 3:30 PM to check in. We came at this time because the front desk worker said that we could not check in until 3:00 PM. After giving him our name, the manager said,"OK, we have your king smoking suite available". We quickly corrected him to let him know that we were traveling with two very young kids and we reserved a non-smoking room. He insisted that his computer said that we reserved a smoking room. We went back and forth, then he asked us if we had a copy of our reservation. Luckily, we were able to pull the reservation up on our phone. It clearly said non-smoking. After showing him our reservation, he explained that there was nothing that he could do to correct the situation because they had no other rooms available. So why in the world did he need to see our reservation!! We decided to see if we could handle the smoking room. It turns out that the entire floor was smoking and for a non smoker there was no way that we could sleep in a smoking room on a smoking floor with our two young children. The manager eventually called around and found a hampton inn near by with one bed. We canceled our room reservation. We live about an hour away from downtown so we made the late night trip back home. My family was very disappointed. My husband is a gold member with Hilton. Let's just say we will be switching back to Marriott. The hotel lobby was dated. The smoking room that I saw looked very dated as well. They made an error and never owned up to it, nor did they do anything to compensate us for such a huge inconvenience.
truthful ||| negative ||| I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a "reading light" that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!)
fake ||| positive ||| My Stay at Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was wonderful, i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good, i was able to get to my meeting well rested, thank you Sheraton! -Bobby
fake ||| positive ||| I recently traveled up to Chicago for business and had a terrific 3 day 2 night stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in downtown. The location was perfect as it gave me easy access to Michigan Avenue and the conference center where I was doing business. My hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere. I ordered room service for dinner and it came within 30 minutes so I was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs. The food was extremely good and I really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat. I had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress. I woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel. They had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well. After shower I headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests. The breakfast was delicious and started my day out right. After my business stuff was over I really got out and enjoyed Chicago. I met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well. When I go back to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sofitel again.
fake ||| negative ||| Our stay at the Sofitel was definitely below our expectations. The staff was less than nice to me after I waited several minutes until I was noticed. At first, my reservation could not be found, so I was provided a spare room. The hotel was fairly neat. However, once we got to the room, and onto the bed, we found the bed to be noisy. Just sitting on it made a squeaking noise that was unpleasant. We immediately called down to the front desk and informed them of our concern. We were told to go back downstairs to settle things out. Once we got downstairs, we were provided with another room number. However, we had to wait half an hour for another room to be cleaned and prepared. For such a well reviewed hotel, I was highly disappointed with the amount of time I had to spend to get settled into a room.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Allegro for several days in August 2004 and I would defintely stay again. I had a very large room with a huge bathroom, although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout. The lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges, a nice place to enjoy the simple (2 choices, no munchies) but pleasant wine reception. At night, there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity, other than theater traffic, but it's a short cab ride to Michigan Avenue shopping and River North restaurants.
truthful ||| positive ||| Spent two nights at the InterContinental on a business trip. This is a tremendous, towering hotel in one of the best locations in Chicago -- right on the Magnificent Mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area. My room was in the Historic Tower -- a 1920s Masonic Club which has been converted at enormous expense. The effort has been worthwhile. My room was very large and well furnished, with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle. It had breathtaking views down Michigan Avenue. There is a superb recreation centre (with an impressive swimming pool) beautiful bars and a good restaurant, Zest, that serves a great breakfast. There is wifi in the rooms ($9.95 per day) and tea and coffee making facilities. No trouser press, but there is an ironing board and iron. The staff is friendly and anxious to please. I recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms. It's expensive, but it will be difficult to find a better one in Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I came to the Ambassador East Hotel for my sister's wedding. The hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over 200 guests. When we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were, helping us check and get our guests situated. They were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest's rooms. Our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed, with a view of the city. We held the rehearsal dinner/groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall. After my sister was married in a church downtown, we held the reception in the large banquet hall. Again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner, the DJ and all of the wedding's decorations. We had a great time. Ambassador East Hotel is highly recommended!
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price.
fake ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a fun weekend in Chicago. The standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable. I love a hotel with all white sheets because then I know it's clean. I really liked the simple and modern decor, especially the huge upholstered headboard. Nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter. The bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home. The staff was friendly. Can't really judge the service because I didn't have any problems or complaints. So I didn't have a reason to interact with the staff much. Overall, it was a very nice hotel in a great location. Will definitely stay here again on my next visit.
fake ||| negative ||| Recently staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, was a waste of money. The rooms are typical standard rooms,(unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms), the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless, your ideal, idea of service is waiting in the lobby for 40 minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room. Sorry to say in short I think my money would have been better spent staying at a HoJo's.
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice, it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead. I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more. This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel. The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub), but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago, so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple, but a family of four may be a bit cramped.) The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again, but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep).
fake ||| negative ||| I was going on a 3 day personal trip to Chicago, and I decided to indulge myself a bit this time around. I chose to stay at the Talbot, an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. To start off, I was NOT pleased. For the hundreds I pay a day, I expected an impeccable hotel. First, the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly 15 minutes to find a reservation I had placed nearly A MONTH in advance. Some customer service they claim. Next, when I went to my room, I found that room service had not cleaned it at all. I was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such. In summary: yes, it was a fancy hotel, yes it had nice accommodations, but the service I experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price.
truthful ||| positive ||| We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show. They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring.
truthful ||| positive ||| I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people.
truthful ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Allegro Hotel while interviewing for a position in Chicago. I read the reviews and they were mixed, but since the property was suggested by the organization (due to location), I booked a room. True to the reviews, the room was extremely small, was cold (the heater blew in cold air in -2 degree weather), and just generally uncomfortable. There was no closet so I hung my suit on the doorknob of the door of the adjoining room. The bathroom was extremely small and although tidy, not especially clean (it was dusty). The bed (which was supposed to be a queen but was really a full) was quite low and the sheets were hard. Because I arrived late, I ordered room service. There was so little space in the room that the wait staff had to approach the desk/table sideways. Although there is free wireless (a plus), I kept getting kicked out of the system and had to, no lie, reconnect on-line a record 16 times. Finally, to top it all off, the television stopped working just a little before midnight. I was only there for one evening (not even 12 hours) but that was enough for me. This is supposed to be a 4 star boutique hotel but I've stayed at better 2 star properties. On the positive side, the staff is nice and friendly, the food is reasonably good, and the lobby is really vibrant. There is a martini bar (although as I was coming in, a hotel guest was complaining about it being unsually smokey) that looked interesting. Overall though, not the best stay I've had. I won't be staying again.
truthful ||| positive ||| We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel!
fake ||| negative ||| The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay. All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven't been cleaned or remodeled for years. The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating. Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees.
truthful ||| positive ||| This is a stylish hotel located right on North Michigan Avenue, a five minute walk from the Orange "Loop" line that will get you to and from Midway Airport. Forget about taking a taxi: the train is a $2 ride and less than 40 minutes away. Our room (1802) was immaculate and spacious (350 sq ft, we were told). Decorated in grays and white, the room was comfortable and soothing, not jarring. On the other hand, we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading, finding keys, etc. No kidding. The bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp. On the positive side, however, there were Aveda products in the bathroom, the windows were huge, so during the day there was tons of natural light, and no issues with darkness. The king size bed was very firm, but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting. We had a largish TV with a DVD player. There is a safe and munchies. The gym is perfect, equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and weights. It is open 24/7 and there is video surveillance for safety. There are towels, water, headphones, disposable ear pads, and complimentary green apples. Suggestion: if you are on a floor below the 22nd, take the elevator up to 22nd, then down to L2 to get to the gym. This way you dont have to traverse the lobby. The front desk staff is amiable, and very attentive. I read some other reviews about nasty personnel, but did not have that experience at all. I got a free newspaper with a smile, a free stamp when I needed it, change and all the coffee I could tolerate in the morning. The Hard Rock is located less than a 20 minute walk from the Water Tower, the Drury Theater, John Hancock, and magnificent mile. For those who like a thrifty breakfast, we recommend Gourmet Pantry at 155 N. Michigan Avenue [--]. This deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a Sunday morning, no less: $1.99. The hotel has a breakfast buffet for $15.00 per person, but we did not partake of it. We would stay at the Hard Rock again, and think it is great for people with "tweens." Not sure about the toddler set, though.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for two night, and my visit was nothing short of disappointing. Expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance, we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere. Our expectations for the Ambassador were not met. The room was small and, frankly, outdated. The bathroom smelled musty. The A/C in the room had two settings: polar cold or off. The walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms, and it was loud at night - a good night's sleep was impossible. Staff were indifferent. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. Frankly, it's not worth the steep price and mediocre character. Since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in Chicago, I know I won't be back at this place.
fake ||| positive ||| This hotel is great! I love its interior design of the room. Customer service is excellent! And its gym and spa are gorgeous. If you need to go to Chicago, this hotel would be your best choice! You can also check its website for the special offer, I found a great deal on it!
truthful ||| positive ||| I had a great time here! It is centerally located in Chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent. The staff was amazing and very helpful! Parking was a bit steep, but to be expected. The room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable. The yoga mat rental was wonderful as well! Wonderful and relaxing experience overall.
fake ||| positive ||| My husband and I stayed at The Palmer House Hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary. What a wonderful hotel!! We had such a great weekend, largely thanks to The Palmer House. Every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel, at our fingertips. And the location is perfect--right in downtown Chicago. We stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites. It was exquisite--so elegant and beautiful. It was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in. The service was impeccable. Every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed. We had our anniversary dinner at the Lockwood Restaurant in the hotel. It was delicious! We will definitely return to the Palmer House Hilton for our next special weekend getaway.
truthful ||| negative ||| I only stayed at this hotel for one night, the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy. After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived, never under 10 min. even late at night. I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband... 1 margarita was $14! I wans't drinking because I'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $4... if I would have known I would have had tap water. Overall... great rooms, OK staff , horrible elevators, overpriced drinks.
truthful ||| negative ||| Truly a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . Rooms are small, dirty, and in no way represents the web sites representations. Staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment. At best it is a 3 star facility ands with so many options in Chicago, "please" avoid this one. I had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms.
truthful ||| positive ||| Very quaint and romantic, yet masculine. I've noticed that at most Chicago hotel bars it's hard to get a drink much less a seat but I guess because it's a small hotel that was not a problem at the Talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it's so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that! Would love to stay again but I must say that I was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm. Also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout!
truthful ||| negative ||| Just returned from the James Hotel after staying at the Park Hyatt. I have stayed at most Chicago Hotels: Pennisula, Four Seasons, The Ritz, Fairmont etc. Had heard a little about the James and the Primehouse at the James. We paid MORE for the room at the James then at any of the above mentioned hotels. What a disappoitment! The room we stayed in had 2 double beds. The toilet broke and overflowed, the tub didnt drain while showering and the HUGE bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times. The closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all. The room was very small and non descript. Much like staying at an IKEA but without the color. Windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small. The staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly. The room had a huge 52" plasma TV that was nice. There is NO way this hotel is 4 star yet. The room rate close to $500.00 a night was WAY of of line. We paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels. The rate should have been about half of that.
fake ||| positive ||| -Review of the Hard Rock Hotel- I find that the Hard Rock Hotel, located in Chicago, has extrodinary scenary. The hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking. Hungry? Visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables. The hotel also host events such as ballet, fun in the bar and a dj to name a few. This hotel is definitely worth your while. I will most definitely visit again. Book your reservation as soon as possible and don't forget your camera!
fake ||| negative ||| I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! Firstly, the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there; they looked dingy or just plain dirty. Second, I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning, hence I slept in late. I put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean. Obviously, the room service lady can't read. Third, and worst of them all, when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece. Well, the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved, there was a big dent in the driver's door of my 2010 Mustang! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that. In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own! The only thing I liked there was the food and it wasn't even all that. I was so disappointed and so I'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation.
fake ||| positive ||| I went here with the family, including our dog Marley(They are very pet friendly). We really enjoyed it. This place is huge with over 480 rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment. It also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event. I will definately be coming back next time I need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel!
fake ||| negative ||| Sofitel not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower. I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower. Simply put it offered no reasons to stay. The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress, but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed. The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd, I think for the weekend. The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice. Even if you don't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice. They put on quite a show, but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful. When I arrived my room was not ready. Two hours later when it was finally cleaned, I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son. I asked for it again, but they never brought it. My mattress was uncomfortable, and I did not like sharing it with my son. The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room. The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving, and it too was bad. There was cereal, low quality yogurt, and burnt flavorless muffins. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Ambassador East Hotel. We will never stay at this hotel again. For the steep price we paid to stay there, we expected a friendly staff and clean room, which we did not get. First of all, the rooms are not clean. We found a few bugs in our room and the sheets did not look like they have been recently changed. When we reported this information to the hotel staff, they did not do anything to help us out. The staff is very unfriendly. Also, there were no clean towels to use in the bathroom.
truthful ||| negative ||| Spent three nights in Chicago at this property. First of all, I have to say that it would be hard to imagine a better location as it is perfectly situated on the Magnificent Mile close to terrific restaurants, the Art Institute and Orchestra Hall. The hotel has two sides - the historic tower and a new wing. The rooms are larger on the historic side but generally are looking a little tired. This property needs to be renovated. Some observations: The junior suite I had was laid out strangely. A small bedroom and smaller sitting room separated by a corridor off of which was the very large bathroom. The mirror over the sink was not over the sink but skewed to the right - made shaving a challenge and messy. While descending in the elevator one morning, it started shaking so violently that I could barely stand up. It stopped on the 11th floor and I was greeted by an extremely worried looking hotel employee who had a technician shut it down. (This experience was far more powerful than coffee in helping me wake up - an adrenaline rush certainly cures sleepiness!) Reports from my group were of sinks stopped up, exposed bolts in rooms, and generally things not working. Now the good news - the staff is terrific. They make you feel welcome, are personable, have their own personalities, great service in the bar and really went the extra distance to help. I wish they had a better property to work in.
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time. The location is great, the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms. The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink. Didn't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute, Cultural Centre & Macys. Staff were friendly. Would recommend it as a base to tour the city.
fake ||| positive ||| If you're looking for luxuary, look no more. The Conrad is the best. I was in Chicago on business, and had to stay much longer than anticipated. A coworker suggested this hotel and boy am I glad he did. The location is perfect, you're close to everything. The best part is the Conrad is a smoke free hotel. I'll be back soon. Very Satisfied
fake ||| positive ||| It was my first time to visit Chicago and I would say, i'd definitely go back, not just because of the Air and Water Show that we really enjoyed, but most importantly, because of the hotel that we stayed in. The Millennium Knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests, but with pets too. At first I was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog, but I was surprised it turned out the other way. I've experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that's really frustrating, it's just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| Our trip was our annual anniversary trip. The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed. Instead we received two double beds. This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt. There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room. No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel. Location was more of a business district, not appropriate for pleasure trip. Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful, other than the failure to deliver the reserved room.
fake ||| negative ||| My family stayed at the Hotel Monaco Hotel in Chicago from 2-5 September 2011. I have no complaints about the rooms but I do have to complain about the staff in general. When we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children, take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way. The cleaning crew the next morning didn't even knock at our door before opening the door. My children were still sleeping and I was in the shower. Thank god my husband was already at his conference. The hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience. Louisiana resident.
truthful ||| positive ||| We arrived at the Omni on 2nd September for a 6 day stay. I took ill when I left the plane after travelling from Manchester so I saw more of the room than I anticipated. I couldn't go out for 4 days. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large and very clean. What more could you ask. We had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested. I managed to go to the 5th floor to see the sun terrace (outside the gym) Having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim. A few sunbeds on a concrete floor. There was also noise from an air conditioning unit. It could do with a bit of cheering up. What I saw of Chicago was very pleasing, it has something for everyone. Would I go back to the Omni? yes I would.
truthful ||| negative ||| I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| There are many high-quality hotels in Chicago. There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago. With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service, it is just a combination for trouble, We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in. No Room. One hour after their posted check in time and nothing. No apology, no offer for upgrade, no discount. Nothing. As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list.
truthful ||| positive ||| The reviews we read were a bit mixed, but I thought it was excellent. I've stayed in The Splendido, Villa D'Este and others and it doesn't compare, but nor should it. It doesn't claim to be in that space. I expected it to be a notch off the Four Seasons and so it proved. A only a small notch too!. Lovely clean and bright room. Superb views, very quiet, comfy bed etc. Excellent service all round and nice staff. For the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed. Couldn't really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the Four Seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience. We will go there again when in Chicago. Great location too.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan, Millennium Park, and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from. My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building, views from the rooms, the art on the walls, and crisp, clean & hip feeling of the hotel, but not "too over the top" for "business". By far a better experience than your usual "chain" hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms. Here you feel special...for the same price. The lobby and bar have fun & cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave (or catch a real rock star in the lobby!)
truthful ||| negative ||| Don't stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation. About 3 months ago, we booked a room here for our wedding night (which is in less than 2 weeks). My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades, no discounts. Apparently it is my problem that their manager can't manage the convention schedule. I don't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I don't find their reservation system reliable. Unfortunately, due to the conference, there isn't any other place to stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| We ate at the Prime House restaurant last year, that is why we picked the hotel. Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding. This year the service felt rushed. The waitress even asked why we were eating so early. It was 6:30pm. Our room in the hotel felt cramped. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom had maintenance problems. The maid service and turndown out night was good. All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying.
truthful ||| negative ||| Overall I had a VERY Bad experience when hosting a meeting for company, but when my parents came in from out of town and wanted to stay at the Swissotel, I thought we should give them another try. Turns out my first impression was correct, this is the LEAST friendly hotel I've ever been in! Even the concierge was rude and disagreeable. I could go on and on, but instead I'll just say GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
fake ||| positive ||| Great location in Chicago downtown. The staff is professional and warm. The room is spacious and clean. Nice complimentartry breakfast. I will definitely stay here again next time in Chicago.
truthful ||| negative ||| We stayed 2 nights over spring break in what was called a Jr Suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end. Bad cheap furniture, carpet that stops short of reaching the wall, a TV that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew. BAD BAD experience. Find aother hotel plenty in the area.
fake ||| positive ||| The Palmer House Hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there! I stayed at this hotel on business and all I can say is WOW!!! One of the main things that I liked about the hotel was the indoor pool! I loved being able to go swimming even though it was December and 5 degrees outside! Also, the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings. I dined at Lockwood Restaurant and Bar and the food was amazing for a hotel! One thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog, but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so I didn't have to deal with that! All in all, this hotel was fantastic and I look forward to the next time I get to stay here!
truthful ||| positive ||| WOW!! Where do I start? Booked this hotel through Hotels.com for less than I paid for the Travellodge Downtown. Check in was a breeze, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was huge. The king bed was very comfortable. Our room also had 2 nightstands, 2 chairs with a small table, a desk, and walk-in closet. Even with all the furniture, the room was very spacious. The room did show some signs of wear, but I think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel. The hotel is located in a neighborhood, so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel. There is very little noise, however, you are only about 2 blocks from Rush and Division streets, with all the nightlife, and the Red Line at Clark and Division is only 3 blocks away. We decided to walk to Michigan Ave and the next thing we knew, we were at the Hancock building. By staying here, you are away from the noise, but not away from the action. Had breakfast at the Pump Room, which is a story in itself. We had our photo taken in booth 1. Take some time and research who has sat in this booth. It is impressive. Some 1400 photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the Pump Room. Didn't have a chance to have dinner here, but I will return for dinner someday. Breakfast was not anything fancy, and a bit pricy, but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion. The waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was. I can't wait to return here!
truthful ||| positive ||| My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago, and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels, maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz, you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place!
fake ||| negative ||| For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA, one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty. The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare. I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth. First off, as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn't be any older than nineteen or twenty, red flags started going up. The clerk was extremely rude and lazy, acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone. If that wasn't bad enough, the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife's breasts. She wasn't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat. After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys. It shouldn't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break. Okay, that was annoying, but we managed easy enough. We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip. To our surprise, not to mention our disgust and horror, their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out. It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room, the front desk, and my wife and me to get it straightened out. Apparently the night clerk didn't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk. After what could only be described as chaos, we were finally given another room on the next floor up. We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds. Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed. I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out. There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there. There, in the sink and in very plain sight, was a used condom! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back. By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room, free of charge to make up for our troubles. The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around. Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had, we decided to make due. So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access. I shouldn't have even bothered as I've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting. With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment. So instead of worrying about it, we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area. Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife's chest or forgot half of our order. After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything, we found that our found was not only bland, it was cold! We didn't even bother trying anything else, that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel. I don't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn't clean a room, but I know that that hotel didn't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative. That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel.
fake ||| negative ||| My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago. For our anniversary, we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends. While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city, the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations. For starters, we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive. However, the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us. While the room was certainly adequate, the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included. While the latter may seem like a minor offense, it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality. Finally, the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago's standards. In summary, the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price, I am sure we could of done better.
truthful ||| positive ||| Got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this Hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay I have had in more than a dozen business trips to Chicago. All rooms are Suites, staff is friendly and professional, Restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club, turn down service, complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on. Room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on. Will definately stay here again.
truthful ||| positive ||| What a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping, to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars, this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh, the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
truthful ||| positive ||| When making my reservation, I made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer Memorial Day. The staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate. The suites are very spacious, clean, cozy, and comfortable. Upon on arriving staff were friendly, willing to exceed expectations, and serve me with enthusiasm. The Hot Breakfast was delicious each morning. The beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other Chicago hotels.
fake ||| positive ||| The Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago. We got married in the city but then moved away, and it was so romantic to return. We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door, and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well. Chicago has changed, but the Sofitel made it feel like home again... except a very plush and elegant version of home! We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had great views of the city, and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived. Both nights before leaving for supper, we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we'd done during the day, and all the great memories this town has for us. But I have to say we have some new great memories now, thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower!
truthful ||| negative ||| I am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before I fall asleep. The front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend (gossiping) as I checked in (VERY unprofessional). The room she offered me was on a 'high' floor (5th.... HA) and when I checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub....I was DONE. Called down and had them re-clean the room; they made no offer to compensate or upgrade...not even a bottle of wine. The front desk clerk suggested I come down and get a key to another room (like I have time for that). Disappointing as I do like Kimpton hotels and am a Kimpton In Touch member (btw they've done away with the amenities...you just get a free item from the mini bar).
fake ||| negative ||| I have visited Chicago with my family several times and have never had such a HORRIBLE hotel experience! The staff was rude and unhelpful, and they overcharged my card by more than $300! I had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake. The hotel itself didn't live up to our expectations either...the inside was dingy and needed cleaning, and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room. There were cigarette burns on the sheets, stains on the floor, and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it! We requested another room, which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness, only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway. There are plenty of other places to stay in Chicago. AVOID Hard Rock at all costs!
truthful ||| positive ||| My wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice. As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge (free food & drinks). The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago.
fake ||| positive ||| Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown is a wonderful hotel. The hotel is very elegant, classy and only offers the best. The hotel offers complimentary breakfast, along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons. The suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look. This wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime. I would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful, yet comfortable hotel experience.
truthful ||| positive ||| My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well.
fake ||| negative ||| Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. I travel a lot for my job, and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for. Four star hotel? Yeah right! I wish I could give it negative stars I don't even know where to begin. Normally with these reviews I try to outline the aspects that stood out, but it's just so overwhelmingly bad. Anyhow, here it goes: To begin with, the customer service stank. You think you've seen rude service people before? Well, this is customer service stuff of nightmares. I had a reservation, but I still had to wait for 30 minutes (yes, I counted) for someone just to pay attention to me. When she did, finally, she was chewing gum. No visible uniform or name tag. Clearly didn't want to be here. She took one glance at my reservation, didn't enter anything into the computer at all, and told me that they couldn't accept it, because the date had already passed. WHAT? The date for the reservation I had written down was *that day.* I was furious. After a 20 minute shouting match, and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry I could scream, they finally, grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer, so that I could book my room. Then, there was the room itself. On first glance, it appeared clean, but a closer inspection revealed: black mold on the bathroom ceiling, a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking *brown* water, a minibar which was picked at, the remnants looking like they had been there for several years, and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it. The pillowcases also looked yellowed, but I couldn't decide if I was beginning to see things, I was already so upset with the place. After an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were, apparently, elephants, I can easily say that I would NEVER go back to that hotel again. Ever. Not if somebody payed me.
truthful ||| positive ||| I got a Sunday night stay for only $50 off of Priceline.com, so it would be hard to complain...but this was truly a great hotel, even if I paid double. The first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the Hyatt Regency Chicago is WOW. The lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant, plenty of couches,seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains. You take the escalator to the concierge/directory/check in area. The hotel let me check in at 12pm (I had a 3pm check in time). I suggest you call ahead like I did so they know you are coming early.The women at the desk was friendly and when I requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me "I have a room on the 18th floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view". I thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that I wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall. The rooms are big (I had a doubles room) The beds were beautiful with great pillows,blankets,headboards etc. An Ipod alarm clock was a nice 21st century touch to the room. Great to plug in your ipod, listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring Chicago. The view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries. Another great feature is the concierge area's computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport. You simply look at the screen, click on your airline icon and following the instructions. I had my boarding passes in about a minute. Came in handy when I got to OHare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers. I was only in the hotel for 1 day, but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences I have had and I travel alot. It is a business hotel, but definitely a great choice for families and couples. Definitely would stay here again when Im passing through Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| I had really high hopes for this hotel. The location seemed great and the prices were too. Unfortunatley, you get what you pay for. Despite being located near the miracle mile and navy pier, there weren't many other redeeming qualities. The staff was very rude. We arrived late after a long drive from Detroit and found nobody in the lobby to help us check in. Once we finally got checked in, our room hadn't been cleaned and there was trash left over from the last people. We were told the cleaning staff had gone home for the night and they couldn't get to it until morning! We had planned on seeing some of Chicago's attractions like the Field Museum but we could hardly find anyone to help us out with where to go. Their website advertises lots of specials and packages but we found absolutely no way to purchase them. Finally, when we checked out, they had charged our room an extra cleaning fee because the cleaning we requested on the first night. RIDICULOUS!
truthful ||| positive ||| My friend and I stayed for just one night, and loved the hotel. It had an awesome water feature in the hotel, and great large bar. Like all Hyatts it had a very comfortable bed, lot's of pillows, and large bathroom.
truthful ||| negative ||| Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also, the concierge staff was unprofessional, telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated, but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.
truthful ||| negative ||| If location is the only thing that matters, stay at the Talbott. However, my wife and I have travelled extensively throughout North America and Europe, and I have never, in my entire life, seen such an inept housekeeping staff. They are unprofessional, noisy, incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel. They were yelling in the halls, slamming doors, and taking far too long to clean each room. They come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for $3. The hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times. The front desk staff was very polite, but who cares?They're supposed to be nice. I spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that I received a fair deal. The room was sub-par for the price, even for an inner city hotel. Stay somewhere else and have a better vacation.
truthful ||| positive ||| On our visit to Chicago, we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown, within walking distance to most major attractions, such as Sears Tower, Magnificent Mile, Grant/Millenium Parks, etc. Subway & bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice, clean, and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again!
truthful ||| negative ||| great bed, but when I first came in, I requested a room with a lake view (i requested this over the phone as well), and the front desk woman said "this is a great room". I go upstairs and its awful looking. The view was of the neighboring roofs. Then I spent half an hour trying to find a better room. Eventually I got a corner roof with a partial view. Horrible experience. also rooms were small and had crappy look (yellowy wallpaper and bedsheets)
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean! There was a flat screen, bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod. Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down. Everyone was very helpful and so friendly. We can't wait to go back again!
truthful ||| positive ||| I was attending a training conference in Chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held. I booked 4 nights at the Intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location (an easy walk to the conference). From the lobby to the rooms, this hotel lives up to it's storied reputation. (The indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a Busby Berkeley movie!) And even tho' I was there for a conference, the hotel's location on the Mag Mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters, made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price.
truthful ||| negative ||| I was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online. Unfortunately, it was a very disappointing experience. When we arrived, we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold. So, we had to move to another hotel. Amalfi did take care of the other hotel, cab fare, and after much negotiating...breakfast. We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient. Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned, we had to get up, pack up our suitcases, check out of the hotel, take a cab, check back into the Amalfi, only then could we head to the museum. We were also told that our first night's stay would be refunded. Well, more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later...there still hasn't been a refund. I can't even get a manager to call me back. The Amalfi wasn't all bad, it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance. The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers. However, it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended. One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles, but they seemed really small for queens. Our view from our room was of the alley. So, overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor. Very disappointing indeed!
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location, 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best. Thanks Monaco, I'll be back.
truthful ||| negative ||| We booked thru hotwire which we have a high percentage of positive outcomes. I was very happy when we saw that we would be staying at The Knickerbocker-as I had stayed when I was younger. We reserved a King Non-Smoker. Upon arriving we were told that they did not have that and we only had the choice of a Smoking room. When argued they stated "well you booked thru hotwire so you do not have priority". As we entered the room I noticed the bathroom door was off track and the bathroom light did not turn on. We called the front desk and they fixed the door but not the light. Later that eveing as I took a shower the seal around the shower was so poor water got all over the floor and towels. Also, I must add the room reaked of smoke. The next day when we checked the front desk clerk asked how our stay was and when we told him the problems, he told us the total and had not concern of our issues. We also checked in our bags for the day, and the bellmen came quickly and made very rude comments about us hurrying up so he could get on with his day. We realized a bit later that we forgot something in one of the bags and was told they would not get them back out. STAY AWAY-even if you get a good deal!!
truthful ||| positive ||| I have stayed at the Amalfi Hotel before and it has always been excellent. This time was no different. Usually I book direct with the hotel, however, I found a slightly better deal booking through Expedia, which saved about $100. The staff were great. I arrived early and they had a room waiting. I was placed on the 6th (top) floor and it was quiet and comfortable. Overall, it was as good as it gets! I will definitely continue to stay here when I'm in Chicago. Remember, the hotel is close to everything - downtown, the Magnificent Mile, lots of restaurants, etc. Everything is within walking distance!
fake ||| negative ||| I really had high hopes for Homewood Suites when I stayed there on a week-long business trip last month. After all, considering their prices (it's technically a Hilton), you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel. I'll start with the good stuff about the hotel: it's in downtown. Now for the bad stuff: first, everyone is rude. I'm not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp. The bellboy scowled at me in the lobby, was rough with my luggage, and then scowled at me again when I tipped him $5. Likewise, the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head. She had to call her supervisor over *twice* just to check me in, and I had a reservation! Apparently she was new, and didn't have much experience using the computer, but that's no excuse: it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into 15 minutes of tedium. Sadly, the room was no better than the service. The hot water in the sink did not work, the shower was only lukewarm, and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink. Complimentary mood lighting, I guess. The TV was a bust; sure it was an LCD, but the ESPN logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel. And to top it all off, the bed smelled funny. I called the front desk (at least the phone worked), and asked for fresh sheets. The person I talked to said they'd be right up, but never came. Eventually, I gave up. I woke up the next morning to back pain (the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow). I left the room, and made my way through the chilly hallways to the "complimentary buffet." Literally all the food was bad. Even the cereal tasted stale. Looking around, everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience. The sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel. Just plain sad. Worst part was, it was the same thing for the next four days, too.
truthful ||| positive ||| This hotel was PERFECT for our girls getaway. The decor is fun & refreshing. Loved the roof top bar. Every staff member was friendly & always smiling. The location is perfect for Michigan Ave shopping, the beach, dinner and night life. It was a mile or two from Millenium Station. The concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list (I'm sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture).
fake ||| positive ||| The Hilton Chicago is one of the best Hotels I have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life. It is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the "Cultural Michigan Avenue Mile", and it overlooks Grant Park, Lake Michigan, and Museum Campus. In addition to overlooking those wonderful sights, it's also located conveniently close to Chicago's convention center, McCormick Place Convention Center, as well as the business center, shopping and theatre. Furthermore, there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel, such as Millenium Park, Buckingham Park, and the Sears Tower. The amenities offered by the Hilton Chicago hotel include 100% wireless Internet access in all guest rooms, 27" inch flat screen televisions, a Serenity Bed, and two-line direct dial phones. And on top of all that, the hotel is pet friendly! I'll definitely be staying here again.
truthful ||| negative ||| The hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night. For THREE consecutive nights. There was simply inadequate soundproofing - even 14 floors above the street (OK - 13 floors as there is no 13th floor). I hesitate to write this review but I rely on Trip Advisor reviews when traveling, and had I been warned about the ambulance sirens, I would have chosen to stay elsewhere. If you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value. Conveniently located. Wonderful staff. But quiet is a key priority for me so I would not stay here again. :(
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving. We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building. To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful. The staff were unbelievably helpful. The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens, luxury bedlinens, iPod radio, huge bathroom. Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window. Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service. Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5.
fake ||| negative ||| I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before, for both business and pleasure, my experience this time was particularly poor. From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who didn't want to be at work their to do their jobs. My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day, and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways, I couldn't sleep. For my next visit to Chicago I won't be staying at the Hyatt Regency.
truthful ||| negative ||| When I called to edit my existing reservation, I was placed on hold for 30 minutes! Finally someone came on the phone and said, "Ill have to transfer you", so I was put on hold for another 5 minutes. When I finally did get to speak to someone, as I was going through my changes, I asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off. Before she was able to disconnect with me, I said "I have one more question" to which she replied "I'm working at the front desk and I have customers waiting!" I thought, so am I not your customer? pathetic and rude. Hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay.
fake ||| positive ||| The Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich, beautiful, cultured atmosphere. During my stay, I felt like royalty. With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful, tranquil views, the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss. The guest services department was second-to-none. The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible. When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont, I felt as if I were the only guest in the place. The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king. I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues. I will also greatly look forward to my next stay.
truthful ||| positive ||| The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel. Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way. I was very impressed (and I am hard to please and have high standards). It was so clean, aesthetically pleasing, up to date, just gorgeous! I would definitely stay there again. I loved it. The location is superb too, attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall. Can't wait to go back!
truthful ||| positive ||| Excellent service! Clean and spacious rooms with a great view of downtown Chicago. Location is excellent for exploring the main sights and the Golden Mile. Great concierge service. Pricey though... Don't valet if you don't need to.
fake ||| negative ||| I've never written a review before, but I just had to share my experience with Chicago's InterContinental Hotel. I booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife's birthday. We've never stayed at a luxury hotel before and I thought this would be a great experience for us. The horrors started when we first got to the counter. The clerk mixed up our rooms and when I pointed this out he got really snooty with me. We get to our room and the maid hadn't cleaned it yet! We had to wait around for that, so we went to the hotel's restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced. Finally our room is finished and the the "view" we were promised was non-existent. To top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning. The toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain. A stain! on the sheets. What a waste of money. I pointed this out the concierge and we weren't even offered a refund or discount. Never again.
fake ||| positive ||| The Affinia hotel in Chicago was superb. the room service was exemplary and the food, I don't even know were to start. The chef obviously knew what he was doing, I especially loved the seafood, my personal favorite was the shrimp. Aside from this, I loved how beautiful the hotel was. It is definetly a bargain for the price, for that price you would probably get a good 3 star hotel but, I felt as if i was in a $10,000 a night 5 star hotel in the Europe. great bang for your buck. Would recommend it to anybody looking to relax at a great hotel with great amenities in a great city. My friends actually went their a while back because of me. They loved it! I know you will too.
fake ||| positive ||| The InterContinental Chicago is conveniently located near MIdway airport so the commute was short and easy. The room had a great view of a lake. Room service was available 24 hours a day and the room came with a coffeemaker where you got complimentary coffee and tea which was great I did not have to go out for my morning cup of coffee. There was a business center that had internet, fax machines, and copy machines that was available for use 24 hours a day. One of my favorite things was the fitness center which had masseurs, it was exactly what I needed, very relaxing. The food at the Eno was some of the best I ever ate especially the chocolate, I never wanted to leave. This was a great hotel experience and I would stay there again.
fake ||| negative ||| What I hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare. The first sign of trouble at the Affinia was that they couldn't find my reservation. Add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked. The internet service was so slow it was unusable. To top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible. Finally, I discovered the valet parking, which was a $49 premium service, dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car. I highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| The Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word, dreadful. The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic. The service is terrible. If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go! Throughout a whole week, beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned. The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit, they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago. This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America. Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed in the IC chicago for 6 nights from 26th Dec after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. We werent disappointed. We had 2 rooms opposite each other in the Historic tower. The rooms were spacious and very clean with good views towards the river and tribune building. We got a good rate on the rooms but did not have breakfast in the hotel as it was very expensive as was the Wifi at $17 per day. As the hotel is on the Magnificent mile there are plenty of place to eat including for breakfast. The starbucks in the lobby was a hit with the kids - very handy. I would definitely recommend the hotel.
truthful ||| positive ||| I was lucky enough to get a "4 star" hotel off of Priceline for $70 - I was luckier that I got the Knickerbocker! From check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms are small but cozy. After reading the reviews from other guests I was somewhat scared of what I would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel. I am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the "4 star" rating. Yes, the rooms and bathrooms were small, but what historic hotel in a big city isn't? The decor and quality met my expectations. The lobby and bar were very inviting. Overall, I would stay here again and again.
truthful ||| negative ||| After reading all the lukewarm reviews for this hotel, I went ahead and got an Ambassador membership just to hedge off any unpleasantness. I normally have a good experience with Intercontinental hotels, particularly the Mark Hopkins in SF. I called the hotel directly to confirm that my reservation was designated as Ambassador Club. When I arrived at the hotel, there was no separate check-in line (as advertised) and the manager on duty basically ignored me when I told him I was an ambassador club member and stuck me with a regular tiny room. I was nearly half an hour checking in the room and had to deal with the arrogant attitude of the manager on duty. They gave me a room in the "modern" tower, (built in the 60's) which was about 2/3 the size of a regular room at the Mark Hopkins (built in '29). I had to deal with torn sheets, cracked marble sinks, and the spare roll of toilet paper being located OUTSIDE the bathroom inside the closet - how convenient is that? The closet door, if you are not careful, may break the full length mirror attached to the bathroom door. I was not provided with a key to the minibar and I called for turndown service, which never happened. The next day, they finally got around to the fact that I was an Ambassador Club member and entitled to an upgraded room, but since I travel with a medical device which I already set up in the tiny room, I declined. To their credit, they did send some of the amenities I would otherwise be entitled to as an Ambassador Club member. I would not stay at this hotel next time I go to Chicago. There are other better places for the money including, the Omni, The James, The Fairmont, Hyatt, Sheraton, Monaco, Crowne Plaza, even the Holiday Inn and Marriotts located in the same general area.
fake ||| negative ||| Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
fake ||| negative ||| My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month. We were celebrating our anniversary, so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite. According to the website, we were to be given either a city or park view, neither of which we had. Instead, our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees. The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient, and the man who helped with our bags was the same. When we got to the room, the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming. The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink. My husband requested that we be given another room, preferably a clean one, but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available. If given the chance, I would not stay at this hotel again, even if I were offered a free night.
fake ||| negative ||| I had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice, cause I had never been there, so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it. No big deal, right? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away... two hours later I'm still sitting in the lobby! Finally I get to my room to try and relax. Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower. I went into the bathroom... no towels, wash cloths, nothing. I called down to the front desk and asked for some, about an hour later someone came up with one. Maybe they were just really busy? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN!!! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it!!! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it!!! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip. Two thumbs down!
truthful ||| positive ||| Stayed at the InterContinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant, convenient visit. Stayed in the historic tower. Very nice rooms, great view, attentive staff, convenient location just north of the Tribune Tower & the river, and nice fitness club at $16 for the entire stay. The only downside is I couldn't get over the feeling that I was being nickle & dimed: $10 a day for Wi-Fi, $6 bottles of water in the room, $26 mini-bottle of wine in the fridge, tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags, etc. Their in-house restaurant Zest is Zagat rated though I'm not sure why. Within a 5 minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than Zest. But, next time I need to be near the Loop I'd stay at the InterContinental again.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with my husband and two children. While the room was comfortable, I did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children. The main reason for this was the dining. While the in house restaurants had children's options, there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal. Anyone with children knows that you don't want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times. This was especially true since we were traveling. We arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed. However, our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants. This was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package.
truthful ||| positive ||| We stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout, and was told no problem. If you bring your car, park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00.
truthful ||| positive ||| I was very happy with my stay at the Knickerbocker. The room were nice, and the staff was excellent. I was able to stay here for $80 per night thru Priceline. That was an incredible bargain in my opinion .. this hotel is very nice. It has an excellent location ... just off of Michigan Ave. All of the best shopping in Chicago can be found right around the corner. It's a great location ... very close to many great attractions. If there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool, but I think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in Chicago, I would definately recommend this place ... hopefully I will be able to stay there again in the future.
fake ||| positive ||| The Ambassador East Hotel, located in downtown Chicago, is one of the BEST hotels I've ever stayed in. My wife and I went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the Ambassador East on a hotel booking website. Their rates are very, very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide. I was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn't find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend. I was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer, which is nice because most places in Chicago are very impersonal. All in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area. 5/5 Stars.
truthful ||| positive ||| I loved the Ambassador! What a great hotel. It's really beautiful, and the room was absolutely striking, very classic and elegant. Everything was done really well: the staff treated me like a regular. This is a top-notch hotel, the best place I've stayed in a long time. My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile, but that's it.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed. When I arrived, the desk clerk was really slow checking me in. I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster. I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor. The elevator ride seemed to take forever. I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great, but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table. I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it. I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever. The meal was good, but my waitress was very uptight. On my way back to my room, I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up. It would have been nice to actually get it though. The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7:18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call. I was very upset and let them know. Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given. For the price, quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given, I would expect better service.
fake ||| negative ||| During my recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago, I was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff. To start off, the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms. Hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings, I had hoped to spend a quiet night in. My neighbors, however, watching what I can only imagine was a Real House Wives of New Jersey marathon on full volume, destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance. When I asked the concierge to address the issue, he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job. As I visited the gym, I found their "state-of-the-art" StayFitTM gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills, weights and yoga mats. The water in the cooler was quite warm, and the workout towels were stained and tattered. Finally, all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago. Sure, it looks nice, but it's really just a smoke screen. I went to the clerk to check in and she was VERY rude to me. I was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that I need to go find a phone book and ask someone else. She also encoded my key wrong, so I had to have it redone. I finaly get to my room, only to discover it was a mess. The sheets were thrown on the floor, the curtains were wide open and to top it all off, the toliet hadn't been flushed. It was horrible. I called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up, but I was told they were on break. Whatever thoguh, I cleaned up myself. The night progresses and I awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door. Some guy said that I was in HIS room. It baffled me, but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up. They had given his the wrong room. I couldn't take one more day of all the bull. I checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to Chicago. I would NOT recommend this hotel to ANYONE.
fake ||| negative ||| I'd expect a "luxury" hotel to pay more attention to details. The room really hadn't been thoroughly cleaned-- I found hairballs under the bed, the mirrors were streaked, etc. The desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when I was checking in; three of them, two on the phone, and nobody even made eye contact for 5 minutes. Then, they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood; you'd think they'd know where to find a Starbucks. The internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days I was there.
fake ||| positive ||| My stay at the Sofitel was great. I loved the location it was in. From the moment I arrived the experince was great, the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too. I thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable. The room service was excllent and they were very friendly. Checkout was a breeze and I couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay.
truthful ||| negative ||| The location is amazing, right across from Nordstrom's on Michigan Avenue. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are clean. But... We are Intercontinental Ambassadors (the rewards club) and to get to the Ambassador suite level, we have to ride a private "express" elevator. The elevator took three minutes to get to the thirtieth floor. When we checked in, the person behind the counter was rude and acted as if we were lucky to get checked-in. Also, there was a language barrier becuase she was Russian. The pool and spa were both beautiful, but we had to pay an extra fee because of "upkeep". If you want a nice hotel all the way around...go to the Omni.
fake ||| positive ||| My family chose to stay at the Chicago Hilton during our last trip to the city. We wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices. I can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the Hilton. The staff treated us well, the rooms were clean and roomy (we loved the Serenity beds), and the hotel itself is stunning. It was like stepping back in time. We loved that the Chicago Hilton was close to numerous attractions. The weather was lovely, so it was great to walk to Navy Pier, Sears Tower, and the Adler Planetarium. We will definitely stay at the Hilton the next time we are in Chicago.
fake ||| negative ||| Grant it, this hotel seems very nice, but I was not at all pleased with my stay here. The customer service was horrible. I had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either. For as much as I paid to stay here, you'd think the least you'd get is an iron. Not! I had to request an iron, too! In addition to all of the failed amenities, I was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn't reimbursed until an entire week later. The next time I choose to visit Chicago, Swissotel will be the last place I think to stay.
fake ||| negative ||| While the hotel certainly seems to look beautiful, the hotel is actually far from it. Even booking a room online was rather difficult, and i wasn't able to reach a representative upon calling any of the contact numbers. In general coming here is a bad decision despite how it looks, its a mistake i wont make again and you shouldn't either.
fake ||| negative ||| The Conrad Chicago is a Michelin rated hotel, so I was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations. Well, only one part of that was correct. The rooms are indeed nicely furnished, but the service was terrible! The concierge was unable to find my room reservation (I reserved online and even had the email confirmation) and wasn't very helpful in getting me a new room. I ordered room service, and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold. I mean, I understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room, but really? For the price I paid, it was definitely not worth it, and I would never use this hotel again.
fake ||| negative ||| My recent stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago couldn't have gone worse. Apart from the price of staying there and the slow response time of hotel staff I was totally let down by the food that could be found there. There are many attractions in the area and indeed leaving the hotel is the best part of the experience.
truthful ||| positive ||| I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return, the doorman then asked about my walk, etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent, plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect, considering the conference rate was $99 per night!
fake ||| positive ||| I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in. The front desk is a work of art. I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom. The modern decor, the beautiful artwork, this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is like having your own personal spa, all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time. The rainfall showerhead is to die for people. If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa. Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa. I wish I could have stayed longer, next time I will be sure to add a couple of "me" days to my trip and I'm sure I won't even think of going outside those doors.
fake ||| negative ||| I recently stayed at the Palmer House Hilton on a business trip to Chicago. I will do my best to make sure that future employees of my company do I have to stay here. When the reservation was made, an early check-in was arranged -- due to travel arrangements, my travel companion and I were to get to the city in the early hours of the morning. We had arranged an early check-in without having to pay for the night before. There was no fuss raised when we agreed on this and so we assumed it would be fine. When we got there, however, there were no rooms available for us for hours and they refused to keep our bags. We were forced to change clothes and wash up in the public restrooms of the office building where our first meeting took place, and cart our bags around with us. They offered insincere apologies and didn't offer to comp us anything for the inconvenience. The rest of the stay (one night) was nothing to praise. I guess not having bugs would count as positive? I would definitely never recommend that anyone stay here.
truthful ||| negative ||| We went with the great reviews on Tripadvisor. The location, rooms, amenities and price via Expedia were good. My complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow (even at 1am), the concierge (Sarita) was hopeless, staff were generally rude. Also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning. Finally, just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at 2am with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse!!! Would I stay here again? - maybe if I got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby.
truthful ||| negative ||| This hotel is rather stupid to be frank. It's a horrible attempt to be retro-sheek but ends up looking similar to that Saturday Night live skit where things are so sheek that they are not functional. The rooms are about the size of a shoe box and there isn't much in them. I actually like the Pedestal in the bathroom but there is no sink. I had to put my make-up on using the toliet for 5-days. It also took me 10-minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower and the bathroom is more like a closet then anything. I had guests over one evening and everyone could hear everyone pee b/c the bathroom doors aren't doors at all and there is no bathroom fan! It was just over the top for me and lots of costruction nearby to keep you up at night. On a good note, the staff are really friendly and the place is really clean. That's about the only good thing I can say about this place. I would not go back.
fake ||| positive ||| I never thought I'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home. I am a mother of two children, one of which has severe asthma and allergies. I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years. So when my sister was getting married in Chicago, I was extremely anxious. The front desk associate, Rosa, was wonderful. She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms. No perfumes, no harsh cleaning chemicals, no dreaded "industry standard" feather pillows. I booked a room, but was still really worried. I shouldn't have been. Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home. Maybe even a little better. They had an air purification system for our room. It smelled so fresh! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos (she never stopped talking about how "totally cool" it was), I ordered room service for my son. The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating. My son has a lot of food allergies, so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details. That's always a little humbling, but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time. I was actually able to enjoy my sister's wedding. The only problem with my stay is that it was too short. We're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born. Thank you, Hyatt Regency Chicago, for making this family's visit possible and positive!!
